title: The Grudge 2
synopsis: This synopsis is given in chronological order, rather than the order in which the events happen in the film.Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and Aubrey (Amber Tamblyn) Davis' sick mother (Joanna Cassidy) sends Aubrey to Japan to bring her sister home since she is unable to do so on her own, given her current medical condition. Aubrey goes to the hospital in Japan, but initially couldn't see her sister due to the language barrier between the nurses (Yôko Chôsokabe, Kayoko Toda and Shuri Matsuda) and herself. Eason (Edison Chen), a journalist who pulled Karen from the fire in the previous film happens to be at the desk and translates for her. Karen is at first unsure of Aubrey, but once convinced, she repeatedly asks her sister to get her out of the hospital. Orderlies strap Karen down to the bed, and when Aubrey leaves the room, her sister whispers, Aubrey, don't go in that house.The lights flicker in Karen's room. She struggles to get free when a hand grabs her right arm. Karen manages to get free and escape the guard and orderlies. After passing a group of medical staff and seeing Kayako, she ends up trapped in a hallway. The lights go out one by one, Kayako staggering towards her with the death rattle. Karen manages to get away and on to the roof of the hospital. She hears the death rattle once more and backs away to the edge of the roof. Kayako (Takako Fuji) pulls Karen over the edge in time for Aubrey and Eason, who are leaving the hospital, to see her land in front of them dead. A horrified Aubrey collapses, while Eason sees Kayako clutching Karen's corpse.Later, while Eason is in his apartment, he watches one of his interviews with Detective Nakagawa (Ryo Ishibashi) about the original family murder-suicide of the first film. When Eason rewinds and slows the tape down, he is able to hear Kayako's signature death rattle and see her face in the door. He shuts off the television and sees the reflection of Kayako, but when he turns around, she isn't there.Eason goes over to Karen's apartment to see Aubrey. They talk and Eason explains Karen's behavior, only because he himself feels it. He knows the fire didn't solve the curse, but made it worse.They go to the cursed house, and Eason tells Aubrey to stay outside the gate. Inside, Eason finds the closet, and inside there is nothing but Kayako's childhood diary. An unseen force flips it to a page with an eye. Outside, Aubrey hears Karen's voice asking her not to enter the house, but she does when Toshio's hand grabs her arm and pulls her in. Eason comes down and they leave.Eason calls a friend who is more knowledgeable of folklore to understand Kayako's diary. They find out her mother was able to heal people by removing inhabiting evil spirits and feeding them to her daughter Kayako. Aubrey and Eason find a matching photograph and drawing of a traditional archway outside the house where she grew up. The pair spend some time together at Eason's apartment, and when Aubrey falls asleep, he goes into his darkroom to look at pictures he took of the house's exterior. He notices a dark mass in one and develops another, an enlargement of that area. As it develops, the dark mass grows and the chemicals turn black. Kayako's head slowly comes out, and then leaps out and grabs him.Aubrey wakes up in the morning and finds herself alone. She goes into the darkroom and finds the picture, then notices Eason's body in the corner. She embraces Eason's lifeless body, but he becomes Kayako and his arms wrap around her. Aubrey runs away as all the pictures in the darkroom show Kayako's face.Aubrey takes a train and then a bus to Kayako's home. A man on the bus plays peekaboo with some unseen child, but Aubrey doesn't notice it's Toshio's (Ohga Tanaka) reflection. She goes to the house and finds Kayako's mother, Mrs. Kawamata, (Kim Miyori) who says that although she fed evil spirits to her daughter to heal others, she did not make Kayako what she is now. She explains that the events are not about the house, but making others suffer the way she suffered; there is no way to stop it. She then realizes that Aubrey had brought Kayako with her, and Mrs. Kawamata dies.Aubrey leaves and returns to the cursed house. She calls home and tells her mother Karen is dead. When her mother accuses her of not being able to do anything on her own, Aubrey tells her she loves her, but her mother has to stop talking to her like that and says goodbye. She goes into the house and sees Karen go upstairs, calling for Doug. Aubrey follows her. Then suddenly, the house appears like what it was when Kayako lived in it. She then sees Takeo (Takashi Matsuyama) reading Kayako's diary.As Kayako turns to run away, her ankle snaps and she crawls down the stairs, but is caught by Takeo who snaps her neck. Comparison flashbacks from Kayako's death show exactly how she was murdered, and Aubrey is able to understand the pain Kayako went through as she shows her how she became evil.Allison (Arielle Kebbel) is a new student at the international high school in Tokyo, where she meets popular students Vanessa (Teresa Palmer) and Miyuki (Misako Uno). Allison is desperate to make friends so she tries to talk to them, despite Miyuki thinking that Allison has been at their school for only three weeks and Vanessa laughing at her uniform. They eventually decide to take Allison to the Saeki House in order to play a prank on her. While there, Allison and Vanessa head upstairs but Miyuki sees the bath where Toshio was drowned and backs away as something sinister stirs submerged. Vanessa then tells Miyuki to follow her upstairs, Miyuki wants to leave but Vanessa then accuses her of befriending Allison and Miyuki chooses to keep her popularity by doing what Vanessa says. The two girls then tell Allison of the Saeki murders and then convince her to enter the closet Kayako and Toshio's body was stored in, lying by telling her that they have been the only girls brave enough to enter. Allison, thinking that if she does what they say then they will become her friends, enters the closet and the two other girls force then door closed while she is inside. The idea was to take a picture of Allison's frightened face and show their fellow classmates, humiliating her. After Allison screams, the other girls try to open the door but can't as a mysterious force seems to be holding it shut, and Allison is unable to exit the closet until she sees Toshio, who utters his cat-cry, and then Kayako emerges from the attic. Allison screams in horror and Vanessa runs from the house, Miyuki close behind. Allison manages to escape from the closet and follows the other two out.Later, Allison is in class when she feels Toshio's cat brushing between her legs. She then senses human hands on her thighs. Pushing her supplies forward on her desk, she peers under her desk to find Toshio curled in a ball at her feet. As she jumps up, she realizes that he is not there, causing her to be embarrassed in front of her fellow classmates. As she sits down, she notices Toshio's cat proceeding to a very exhausted looking Miyuki sitting at her desk, Miyuki feels the cat touch her but doesn't make a large scene about it and the two then exchange nervous glances.After they return to school, all three girls deal with hauntings from Toshio, his cat, and Kayako. After gym class, Vanessa humiliates Allison about taking a trip to the school shrink in front of the other girls. As Allison leaves, Vanessa begins taking a shower in which Kayako haunts Vanessa in a fashion similar to the somewhat iconic scene in The Grudge, Vanessa then sees a ghostly image of Kayako in the locker room that frightens her, causing her to urinate on herself. Miyuki leaves school for an afternoon rendezvous with her boyfriend Michael (Shaun Sipos) at a love hotel. While Michael is in the shower, Miyuki removes her jacket and hair clip before she sits on the large double bed and finds his condom. She gets under the covers waiting for Michael. She then feels something grabbing her beneath the covers. She wriggles and laughs, thinking it is Michael. When she looks towards the bathroom, she sees that Michael is still in the shower, meaning that something else is beneath the covers. Miyuki backs away in terror toward the mirror behind her. Suddenly, her reflection changes into Kayako who then emerges from the mirror and grabs Miyuki, pulling her within the mirror. Michael returns to an empty bedroom.Vanessa and Allison are later interviewed by the school counselor (Eve Gordon) over the events surrounding Miyuki's disappearance and their trip to the haunted house. Allison is overcome and shouts at Vanessa, blaming her for making her go to that house. Vanessa heartlessly tells her that she wanted to come and Allison bursts into tears and leaves followed by the school counselor, while Vanessa is told to wait in her office. She texts Miyuki, wondering where she is. She waits for the counselor to come back and fiddles with pens and the light. She looks down and notices the lamp is unplugged, but as she goes to plug it in again, she sees Toshio's legs as he runs in front of the desk. The phone starts to vibrate from a call, and as she goes to pick up the phone, she feels Toshio's legs instead on the desk. She cries out in shock and gets out from under the desk, frightened, and picks up the call. Instead of Miyuki, it is Toshio on the other line. Vanessa runs out from school grounds to a phone booth and calls Miyuki. All she hears is the death rattle and Toshio grabs her legs, while she is consumed and killed by Kayako's long black hair.Allison is again called to the counselor's office, where she reveals her belief that she and anyone who enters the Saeki house have been cursed and will be hunted down and killed by Kayako. The counselor reveals that she went to the house with the police, making Allison believe that she will be Kayako's next victim. The counselor begins acting towards Allison as if she is being stupid. When Allison mentions Miyuki and Vanessa being killed, the counselor smiles and tells her that they are right next to her. The ghosts of Miyuki and Vanessa then appear on either side of Allison (with pale white skin and black rings around their eyes like Kayako and Toshio), glaring angrily at her. Allison screams and falls to the floor. The counselor then turns into a ghost as well and advances on Allison making a loud moaning noise. Allison, completely horrified, runs out of the room screaming.In Chicago, Bill Kimble (Christopher Cousins) has recently married a woman named Trish (Jennifer Beals), and is moving into the apartment he shares with his daughter Lacey (Sarah Roemer) and son Jake (Matthew Knight). While Lacey and her friend Sally (Jenna Dewan) are friendly with Trish, Jake is distant. The young boy is troubled when the child of his neighbors, the Flemings, moves back in after going insane. At night, he is awakened by a series of loud knockings from the Flemings apartment. Curious, he follows one of the apartments tenants and sees the person, who is wearing a hooded sweatshirt, getting old newspapers from the trash. When the person turns around to leave, Jake hides behind an object. He then notices two pairs of feet following the person out the basement. Jake looks out, only to see that there is no one behind the person. After Bill leaves for work, Jake and Lacey leave for school, and Jake notices that all of the windows in the Flemming's apartment are covered with newspaper. Bill, doubting his wife's fidelity, returns home unexpectedly, under the pretense of having forgotten his keys, only to find Trish on the phone with a coworker she identifies as Nate. It is revealed, that Bill is squeezing his keys so hard that they cut his hands, though Trish doesn't notice.After school, Lacey decides to show off her cheerleader outfit to Sally, who appears ill (presumably due to the curse). Sally drinks then regurgitates milk. Lacey returns home to find Jake shivering in his closet, afraid because Trish and Bill have been fighting. Jake is again awakened by pounding on the walls, and upon investigation discovers his sweatshirt-wearing neighbor is a young woman, who is banging her arm on the wall as she furiously cuts her own hair. After seeing the ghostly eyes of Vanessa and Miyuki staring in the window, Jake returns home and spends the night with his sister. That night Toshio appears by Sally's bed as she dies after a too large intake of milk.The next morning, after Trish listens to the banging from next door, she begins to make breakfast in a trance. Bill, all this time having been influenced by the spirit of Takeo, accuses her of having an affair, but she does not respond. After Bill criticizes her for burning the bacon, Trish pours the oil from the pan onto his head before killing him with a blow to the head. Lacey and Jake return home to a dark and messy apartment, while the banging from next door continues. As his sister looks for Bill and Trish, Jake discovers his father's body. Searching for Lacey, Jake finds that she has been drowned in the tub. As he hears Trish calling his name, Jake pulls back the shower curtain to find nothing. An already dead Trish appears in the tub, telling him it's time for his bath, before Toshio pulls her under the water.As Jake is fleeing his apartment, he hears screams from the Flemings' apartment. The girl in the sweatshirt turns out to be Allison, haunted by Vanessa and Miyuki, from the school in Tokyo. Jake accuses her of bringing something back with her which caused his family's death, and she confirms that they have followed her to Chicago. Allison sees Kayako climbing down the hallway stairs, and Jake shortly after sees Toshio inside the hood of Allison's sweat shirt. Kayako's hands emerge from the hood and pull Allison into her clothing, her body disappearing into it. Jake reaches for the sweatshirt as a ghostly hand grasps his arm; Kayako then rises from the hood and lurches towards him as the movie ends.
tags: gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  revenge, 

title: Army of Darkness
synopsis: From a slave coffle, a brief flashback to Evil Dead II (which itself starts with a recap of The Evil Dead) explains the Necronomicon Ex Mortis and how Ash got to where he is, Ash (Bruce Campbell) lands in Medieval England, where he is immediately captured by Lord Arthur (Marcus Gilbert) and his men, who suspect him to be an agent for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war. He is enslaved along with the captured Duke Henry The Red (Richard Grove), his gun and chainsaw confiscated, and is taken to a castle. Ash is thrown in a pit where he regains his chainsaw from Arthur's Wise Man (Ian Abercrombie) in mid-air, decapitates a female Deadite and lops the hand off another, before escaping the pit. He decks Arthur using the your shoelace is untied gag. Ash demands that Henry and his men be set free (since Henry was sympathetic to him) and they ride off. He uses the shotgun to blow the end off of Arthur's sword, and to blow a large Deadite back into the pit. Ash is celebrated as a hero, and also grows attracted to Sheila (Embeth Davidtz), the sister of one of Arthur's fallen knights.According to the Wise Man, the only way Ash can return to his time is to retrieve the Necronomicon. After bidding goodbye to Sheila, Ash starts his search for the Necronomicon. Entering a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash through the woods. Fleeing, Ash ducks into a windmill where he crashes into a mirror. The small reflections of Ash climb out from the shattered mirror and torment him. One of the reflections dives down Ash's throat and uses his body to become a life-sized copy of Ash, after which Ash kills him and buries him.When he arrives at the Necronomicon's location, he finds three books instead of one. Ash eventually finds the real one and attempts to say the magic phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely Klaatu barada nikto. (The line was taken from the 1951 film The Day the Earth Stood Still). However, forgetting the last word, he tries to trick the book by mumbling the missing word. He then grabs the book from the cradle, and rushes back to the castle, while the dead rise from graves all around. During Ash's panicked ride back, Ash's evil copy rises from his grave and unites the Deadites into the Army of Darkness.Despite causing the predicament faced by the Medieval soldiers, Ash initially demands to be returned to his own time. However, Sheila is captured by a Flying Deadite (Nadine Grycan), and then transformed into a Deadite. Ash becomes determined to lead the humans against the skeletal Deadite army. Reluctantly, the people agree to join Ash. Using scientific knowledge from textbooks in the trunk of his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88, and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the Medieval soldiers to defeat his Deadite clone, Evil Ash, and his Deadite Army, and save Sheila. After this, he is brought back to his own time using a potion made from the Necronomicon.The final scene (See Different versions) begins with Ash back at the S-Mart store, telling a male co-worker (Ted Raimi) all about his adventure back in time, and how he could have been king. After this, a Deadite starts wreaking havoc on the store (it is implied that he again raised the dead by saying the wrong words needed to travel through time), and Ash slays the creature. The film ends with Ash in voice over saying, Sure, I could have stayed in the past. Could have even been king. But in my own way, I am king. He then says out loud, while kissing the attractive female co-worker whose life he has just saved, Hail to the King, baby!
tags: comedy,  avant garde,  dark,  boring,  fantasy,  cult,  violence,  horror,  good versus evil,  absurd,  psychedelic,  humor,  action,  sci-fi, 

title: The Shallows
synopsis: Nancy Adams (Blake Lively) is a college medical student headed toward a beach for a personal vacation. The beach was a favorite spot of her mother, who recently passed away from cancer. Nancy is driven there by a man named Carlos (Oscar Jaenada). She is supposed to be there with her friend Anna, but she claims to have gotten sick, leaving Nancy to take the trip alone. She offers him some cash for his services, but he declines.Nancy gets into her surf gear and hits the waves on her board. She comes across two other surfers who know she is a visitor. Nancy joins the two of them as the waves get nicer.Later, Nancy has a video chat with her sister Chloe (Sedona Legge) to tell her all about the beach and how their mother was right about how it's like paradise. Nancy then talks to her father (Brett Cullen), who knows she is taking the trip for her mother. He expresses concern to Nancy over her grief and actions.Nancy swims out past the shallows of the ocean to catch some more waves. As she gets further from the shore, she sees a whale carcass floating up top. Sensing trouble, Nancy tries to head back to the shore on a wave, but as she rides it, a large great white shark slams into her and knocks her off the board. Nancy climbs back on and tries to paddle back, but the shark bites deep into her left leg, spilling a lot of blood into the water. Nancy struggles to escape and swims to a rock where the shark can't reach her. She takes the ankle strap from her board and uses it as a tourniquet to stop the bleeding. Nancy sees the other two surfers and tries calling to them for help, but they don't appear to hear or see her. She wraps her wetsuit around her leg.It starts getting darker as Nancy tries to get an opening away from the shark. Her only companion is a seagull with an injured wing. Nancy tries to eat a tiny crawling creature, but she quickly barfs it up.On the shore, she sees a drunk man passed out in the sand. She calls out to him and manages to get his attention. Nancy points toward her bag for her to call for help. The man just steals her phone and wallet. He sees her board floating in the shallows and he walks into the water to get it. Nancy yells to him to get away from the shark. She then sees the shark attack the man as he heads back to the shore. The shark tears the man in half, and the top half tries crawling away until he dies.Nancy gets colder as the night falls. She puts her suit back on to keep warm. She also loosens the tourniquet to allow blood flow in the leg. Nancy then tries to stitch herself up using her earrings and necklace chain, but it's too painful for her.In the morning, the other two surfers return to the ocean. Nancy calls to them as they ride their boards into the water. She warns them about the shark, but one surfer assures her there isn't one. He's proven wrong when the shark jumps up and takes eats him. The other surfer rushes toward the rock, but the shark pulls him down. He resurfaces quickly by the rock where Nancy tries to pull him up. The shark pulls him down, leaving only his helmet with a camera on top, which captures him getting eaten.Nancy observes the shark's movements as it circles the rock, estimating that it swims about 32 seconds around another rock, which leaves her with time to swim and reach the helmet. She takes that chance and makes it to the little rock, but she misses the helmet before the shark returns. As she goes back to the bigger rock, she sees the helmet again. Nancy reaches for it as the shark lunges toward her. The shark hurts itself as it scrapes against the coral. Nancy manages to get the helmet. She makes a video for anyone that finds the helmet. She shows how bad her leg has gotten, with gangrene setting in, and she leaves a message for Chloe and their father. Nancy then tosses the helmet toward the shore.Nancy pops the seagull's wing back into place and then lets it float away on a broken piece of surfboard.Nancy sees a buoy several feet away. She makes her plan to reach it and try to bring attention to herself. As she prepares herself, the shark swims toward her. A school of jellyfish rises up. Nancy thinks the shark can't harm her if it runs into something that can hurt it. Nancy jumps into the water and swims toward the buoy, and the shark follows closely. She gets stung on her shoulder, while the shark eats some jellyfish and gets stung too. Nancy reaches the buoy and finds a flare gun. She grabs the shots and fires a few in the air as she spots a boat in the distance. Unfortunately, the boat is already turned away, and it never sees her.The shark starts to circle the buoy. Nancy fires a flare directly at the shark. Now pissed off, the shark starts slamming into the buoy, breaking the chains that keep it up. It manages to loosen the buoy and starts chomping into it. Nancy struggles to keep herself at a distance and to hold onto the buoy. While underwater, she notices the chain holding the buoy to a spiked base on the floor of the bay. At the right moment, Nancy gets the chain on a hook stuck in the shark's side. This pulls her down toward the base as the shark chases her. She pulls out at the right moment, causing the shark to swim directly onto the base and it gets impaled.On the shore, a little boy finds the helmet camera and sees Nancy's video. He runs to get his father, who is Carlos. The two find Nancy washed up on the shore, dehydrated and weak. They run to help her. Nancy sees the seagull standing close to her. Before she passes out, Nancy sees a vision of her mother smiling down on her. Nancy simply says, I'm okay.One year later, Nancy is doing better, albeit with a big scar on her leg. She returns to the beach with Chloe and their father. Nancy brings Chloe into the water to teach her how to surf.
tags: comedy,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  suspenseful, 

title: The Ruins
synopsis: Four friends sit by the pool at a Cancún resort. Amy (Jena Malone) and Stacey (Laura Ramsey), two best friends, are on vacation with their boyfriends Jeff (Jonathan Tucker) and Eric (Shawn Ashmore). When Amy realizes that she has lost an earring, a boy Mathias (Joe Anderson) finds it at the bottom of the pool and returns it to her. Grateful, they invite him to share a drink with them, and Hans ends up inviting them to join him and his friend Dimitri (Dimitri Baveas) on a visit to an ancient ruin that his brother and wife are excavating.When the cousins working the dig don't show up the next morning to pick them up, the six have difficulty finding a taxi to take them to the ruins, and end up paying a local truck driver (Patricio Almeida Rodríguez) to take them there. At the edge of the jungle, they find the brother's truck abandoned on a dirt road. Matheas looks confused, but they decide to go ahead and look for the ruins themselves. They wander through the jungle, until they finally come across a clearing, and a high ancient ruin stands before them. While they all stand raptured at this hidden secret, the sound of horses and shouting men suddenly comes from behind them.The six vacationers turn around in surprise, and repeatedly try to find out what they clearly have done wrong. Men emerge from the jungle with bows and arrows, and an older man (Sergio Calderón) in the middle holds a silver revolver, staring them down. Amy stands in the back with her camera, and is instinctively taking pictures with her camera, not realizing how much danger they are in. The men instantly turn violent, and when Dimitri tries to hand over the camera in a sign of apology, he is shot in the chest with an arrow, and then shot in the face. Astounded, the friends retreat back from the men, up the ruins. Strangely enough, the men do not follow them, but do not leave the clearing.At the top of the summit, Matheas scrambles around looking for his cousins in the tents that they discovered. The others check their phones, but can't get a signal. Matheas finds the tents unpacked, but there is no sign of his cousin. Coming from the bottom of a deep shaft in the middle of the summit, they hear a cell phone ringing faintly. Desperate for a phone, Matheas loops a rope around him, and the other boys lower him slowly down the shaft by an overhead crank. It is slow going, until suddenly the rope snaps and Matheas plunges to the bottom.While the boys repair the rope, Stacey volunteers to go down the shaft after Matheas and the phone. They lower her slowly down the line, but it isn't quite long enough to take her all of the way. Stacey unhooks herself from the rope to drop to the dirt floor, but lands on a lantern with her knee. Having to pull out a shard of glass from her knee, Stacey winces and hobbles towards Matheas. He says that he is scared, and can't feel his legs. It's clear that his back is broken, so the remainder on the surface fashion a back-board to load him up on. Now it is Amy's turn to be lowered into the shaft; at the bottom, she and Stacey struggle to hoist Matheas on the backboard. All are lifted to the surface, and they survey the damage. While Jeff, a pre-med student, inspects Matheas' wounds, they all argue about what to do about their situation.Amy, at her wit's end, storms down the steps of the ruins to confront their captors. When she reaches the bottom and yells at them to help, they shout back in a language that she doesn't understand. Jeff runs to drag her away from the men, and out of frustration and anger, Amy rips a large chunk of some of the vines that cover the ruins and throws it at the menacing men. It hits a small boy and harmlessly falls to his feet, but the captors quickly turn their attention to the little boy, and shout at him, gesturing towards the ruins. The boy cries in protest, and after refusing to move, he is shot with bows and arrows down to the ground, while his mother looks on.Jeff and Amy run back to the summit, and report back what they saw to Stacey and Eric. They are all completely confused, and decide to go to sleep in the tent to wait for someone to come find them. In the morning, Stacey wakes up screaming. She looks down at her leg, and one of the vines from the ruins is clearly growing into the large cut she had on her knee. Screaming to have it taken out, Chris quickly goes to pull out the vine - and removes about a foot of greenage from her leg. They call for Jeff to take a look, while Amy stands by Matheas to check on him. Sweating and looking gray, Matheas asks Amy to pull the blanket from off of his body - he senses something is wrong with his legs. She obliges and screams as well, when they see that a massive amount of vines has sprouted overnight all over his lower half. They try to remove it the best they can, but he is severely injured and has cuts all over his skin. Amy knows what is going on now; they are being quarantined from whatever evil lurks in the ruins.The cell phone rings again from the shaft, and Stacey and Amy once again descend into the shaft to look for it. Armed with handmade torches, they begin a search of the inside, which is covered in the ominous vines. As they walk slowly down a hall, they hear the phone ringing again - a high pitched call. A woman lies with her back to them against a wall, and when they touch her, her body falls to the side and the friends scream. Calming themselves to continue with the search, Amy stares at one of the red flowers that now adorn the vines. As she gets closer, you can see that the inside of the red flower is vibrating. It, along with the other flowers, are actually recreating the sound of a cell phone ring by vibrating their stamens. Mesmerized, she goes to touch the flower, and the vines suddenly rear up in protest. The girls run to escape the vines' clutches, and are pulled up out of the shaft just in time.Explaining what happened to them in the shaft, Jeff inspects Matheas' wounds, and announces that there is no way that he will be able to survive if they don't amputate his legs immediately. Since help is not definite, Jeff says that there is no time to waste. Eric protests, and they put it to a vote. Unable to come to a consensus, Matheas weakly calls out to them that he wants them to do it. The girls go to the tent, while Jeff heats up a cast iron cooking pan in the fire. Eric is told to hold down Matheas, while Jeff breaks both leg bones and cuts them off with a hunting knife they found - and finally cauterizes them with the pan. Stacey and Amy clutch each other holding their ears, while they try to block out the screams.They come out when it is over, and watch as the vines retrieve the remaining flesh that Jeff had cut away. The vines are clearly carnivorous, and are waiting for them all to die. Another day gone by, Stacey and Amy go into one of the tents to try and sleep while Eric sits outside on watch. Amy can't sleep, and sits next to Eric while they talk about if they think Stacey is going to be alright. When Amy begins to cry, she leans her head into Eric's shoulder as they sit on a log. Stacey, inside the tent, awakens to the apparent moans and sighs that she believes is coming from Eric & Amy having sex. Furious, she storms out of the tent and accuses the both of them of sleeping together - insisting that she heard them.Amy and Eric both deny it, when Jeff walks up to see what the commotion is. Stacey screams at Amy, and when Jeff tries to intervene, she lashes out and tells him that Amy has cheated on him before. While the four friends argue, they leave Matheas un-guarded, and the vines come from the ruins and choke him. When they finally realize that they left him unattended, Jeff runs to his rescue, but is too late. The vines claim the remainder of his body.In the morning, Amy and Jeff sit next to each other at the top of the steps watching the sunrise. Eric emerges from his tent and asks Jeff to come see Stacey - it is clear that something is very wrong.They enter the tent, and Eric tells Stacey to show them her back. She lifts her shirt, and reveals a dark green patch growing under her skin, and a vine slithers like a snake under the surface. Outside, they decide that they have to cut it out of her. Amy clutches her while Stacey screams in agony. Jeff cuts a large gash by her knee, and grabs the vine that is attempting to burrow further into her leg. They ask her if she wants them to continue, and she cries out to tell them to keep going. They turn her on her back and Jeff makes a larger cut, pulling out foot after foot of vine from her back. Finally removed, they bandage her the best they can.Later, sitting by the fire, they each eat the last of the remaining food - four solitary grapes. Stacey seems slightly hysterical and insists that she can feel another one by her bones. Eric tells her that it's just in her head, but she then says that she can feel them in her head as well. They try and convince her that there isn't anything else in her body, and Amy offers her a pull from the bottle of tequila they found in the tent. Stacey drinks, and a flash of the wiggling vine shows up on her furrowed brow. The three friend's eyes open wide, and immediately look away so she can't see their reactions. Their silence says it all, and she tells them to cut again - Jeff says that there can't be anymore cutting - she has already lost too much blood.All four asleep, Stacey awakens first and ambles out of the tent. She hobbles along searching for the hunting knife that they used to cut out the vines the other day. Eric wakes up, and all three emerge from the tent to find Stacey standing in a pool of her own blood, slowly cutting herself to try and remove the invading weeds. They tell her to give them the knife - but she is clearly beyond reason. When Jeff tries to get her to hand it over, she lashes out and cuts him in the palm. Eric now tries to get her attention, and she turns and viciously buries the knife into his chest. Eric falls to the ground and dies from the knife wound, and the vines once again come forward to claim their meal. Stacey - screaming from the pain and realising what she has just done, begs Amy to kill her. While she begs, small vines wave from the cuts on her body. Amy looks pleadingly at Jeff, and Jeff quietly walks to Eric's body, and puts Stacey out of her misery.Jeff now smears blood on Amy's face and arms, and explains to her that she must run, while he creates a diversion. He walks down the steps holding her, presumably dead, in his arms, and lays her down on the ground. The men, still there, watch him warily, while Jeff starts a long tirade about himself and the people that they had let die. He wanders along the edge of the ruins, and on cue. Amy gets up suddenly and runs as fast as possible towards the abandoned Jeep they found earlier. The men shoot Jeff with several arrows, and the large man shoots him with the final bullet.Amy, chased by the men, incredibly manages to reach the Jeep and starts the car. She speeds away, down the road to an unknown fate. The next day, Demitris' two other friends that had planned to join them, entered the clearing, calling out their missing friend's name. - end***** BELOW IS THE SYNOPSIS OF THE BOOK *****On vacation in Cancun, six friends go on an excursion to visit an archaeological dig near Coba. Jeff, a type A guy who is set to begin medical school in the fall with his girlfriend, Amy; Stacy, Amy's best friend, an irresponsible and promiscuous aspiring social worker whose nickname is Spacy along with her boyfriend, Eric, an immature high school teacher; a fun-loving Greek guy nicknamed Pablo, who lacks a common language with any of the others; and Mathias, an intense, thoughtful German tourist round out the cast of characters.Mathias' brother, Henrich, vanished shortly before the Americans and Greeks met Mathias--he met a beautiful Dutch archaeologist and decided to meet her at her dig, leaving a hastily drawn map for Mathias to follow in case he wanted to join him. Jeff, Stacy, Amy, Eric, and Pablo decide to accompany Mathias in his search for his brother, taking a bus to Coba for the day. Pablo leaves a copy of the map at their hotel for his two companions--who had gone to fish--to find, thinking that they may want to join the group. Things immediately start to go wrong, as the group isn't well prepared for the heat and insects, and the journey becomes creepy. The poorly drawn map leads them to a Mayan village, where the grievously poor inhabitants appear at first disinterested, and then hostile to the foreigners. The Mayans try to force the vacationers to leave the area. Unmoved by the villagers pleas, they find an almost-hidden trail that they follow to the ruins.Gun, rifle, and bow-and-arrow wielding Mayan villagers then will not allow the kids to leave. They are forced to climb a large hill covered in vines and red flowers. The situation turns increasingly disturbing as they find Henrich's corpse, covered in the vine and flowers.Further investigation uncovers numerous other corpses covered in the plant, and the plant, it turns out, secretes an acidic sap which burns them all when it is crushed.A ringing mobile phone at the bottom of the mine under the hill lures Pablo, but the rope breaks as he attempts to retrieve it and he falls, breaking his back. Eric is injured slightly trying to rescue him.Gradually, the group discovers that the vine is sentient and carnivorous, as it begins to lure them to their deaths - one by one - perfectly mimicking the voices of others.Jeff and Mathias amputate Pablo's legs after the plant eats part of them.Amy is the first to go, strangled by the plant whilst Jeff - angry at her for being drunk, ignores her struggles, mistaking for strangled cries for sickness. The plant enters Eric's wound and, though they had removed the bulk of it, Eric insists it's still inside him as he repeatedly cuts himself in an effort to remove it.Jeff is able to hold the group together to a certain extent, always with new ideas about how to conquer their challenges. But, he is ultimately killed by the villagers' arrows while trying to sneak past them. Air-headed and distressed Stacy -- who has held the hope until the last that the other two Greeks will arrive to save them leaves Pablo unattended, and the plant kills and eats him. Eric flays himself alive trying to remove the plant, which has begun to take over his body again, and then accidentally kills Mathias with his knife when Mathias attempts to stop him. With only Eric and Stacy left, Eric begs her to kill him and put him out of his misery, which she ultimately does. Then, she slashes her wrists on the path at the base of the hill as a warning to others, but the plant moves her away, just as it did other warning signs put up by other victims.The Mayans leave.Three days later, Pablo's two Greek friends, with a few Brazilians, climb onto the hill to seek out their traveling companion, bringing several others with them.*THIS IS A SYNOPSIS OF THE BOOK..NOT THE MOVIE.*
tags: violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Madman
synopsis: T.P, one of the senior counselors at a camp, is telling a scary story around a campfire to the young campers and the other counsellors - who consist of Betsy, Ellie, Dave, Stacy, Bill, and Max the late middle-aged head counselor. After T.P. finishes his story, Max begins to tell of a man named Madman Marz, who killed his whole family with an axe, was convicted, hit in the face with an axe, and hung for his crimes, only to break free of the noose and disappear into the woods. Max continues by saying that anyone who says his name above a whisper will awaken him and cause him to come back and kill that person. At that, Richie, a cocky teenager, stands up and screams Madman Marz, throwing a rock into his old house, smashing a window. Max, annoyed at Richie, ends the campfire, sending everyone to their cabins for the night, while he goes into town to retrieve supplies to help tear down the camp, since it was to end the next day. While they go back to the cabins, Richie sees Madman Marz up in a tree, and goes to see if it's really him. Everyone else gets back to camp, and Max and Dave try to retrieve a felling axe that is placed into a log, but it is stuck. The cook, Dippy, comes out, and wishes them all a good night, before Marz comes in and rips his throat out, and grabs the felling axe out of the log.T.P. tries to get Betsy to go out with him, but she refuses, causing a scene. After the kids have gone to sleep, the rest of the counselors see Max off and go into the rec room to relax. T.P apologizes for being rude to Betsy and she goes with him to have sex in the hot tub, all the while being watched by Madman Marz. After this, Dave is called out to Richie's cabin, and the boys there tell him that Richie never came back, so he goes and informs the others, who are all rejoined up with each other. T.P decides to go and find him, and sets off into the woods, carrying a flashlight. He comes across an opening and calls for Richie, who is busy wandering around the woods looking for Marz. Suddenly, a noose falls over T.P's neck and lifts him up into the air on a tree branch, resulting Marz pulling him down and snapping his neck on impact.Back at the camp, Betsy and Stacy begin to talk about T.P. Stacy believes that T.P only wants sex, and apologized because he knew he would get some, but Betsy thinks he's a nice guy who really likes her. Realizing that it has been a long time since T.P. left, Dave decides to go find T.P and Richie. Dave ventures out into the woods and comes across T.P's hanging body. Panicked, he runs farther into the woods. Marz is behind him with his axe and begins to chase him. Dave finally falls over a fallen tree branch and is decapitated by Marz' axe. Betsy wants to talk to T.P, but finds out that he's still gone and begins to worry. Richie, meanwhile, is still out in the woods, but is now looking for the road back to camp, or someone to take him back. Stacy decides to take the car down to see where everybody is, suspecting that T.P's playing a trick on them. She gets into her car and drives out on the road, towards the woods by the campfire spot, and Marz's house, where we see him run out of. Stacy begins to look around for Dave, T.P, and Richie, but finds nothing, except an abandoned flashlight in the clearing where the two were killed, only T.P's body is now missing. Stacy begins to look around, and sees blood on the trees and starts to panic, running through the woods, until she spots Dave's decapitated body and head laying on the ground. She stifles her screams and rushes back to her car, and tries to drive away, only to have her engine stall. She opens the hood, not recognizing Marz on top of her car, and he jumps onto the car hood, causing it to slam down on Stacy and beheading her.Ellie and Bill have gone to have sex in the woods, leaving a worried Betsy back at camp. When she does not hear any word back, Betsy goes into the woods to find Ellie and Bill. Once she does, she tells them that she has to stay at camp to watch the kids and wait for the others to show up, and that Ellie and Bill should go and try to find them. Ellie and Bill get dressed and take Bill's car out to look for the others, while Betsy goes back to camp. While looking through the woods, Ellie sees Marz at Stacy's car, and begins to scream, causing Marz to flee and Bill come up to see what's wrong. She tells him that she saw Marz at Stacy's car, so both of them go up and decide to drive back to camp. The car doesn't start, having Bill exiting the car to see what's wrong. He sees Stacy's head on the engine, causing him to gag and making Ellie to get out of the car, where she screams and Bill discards the head in a cloth. They get back in the car and hurriedly drive away, only reaching the end of the road, when Bill is pulled from the car window by Marz, causing the car to crash into a tree, and Ellie to fall out of the door and into a ditch. She looks up and watches in horror, as Bill's back snapped by Marz, making her run back to the camp.Betsy is in one of the girl's cabins and does not see Ellie come back and try to find her. Ellie then goes into the kitchen cabin and tries to find Betsy, but with no luck, she goes outside when Marz appears at the door, chasing her through the cabin until she hides in a refrigerator. Once she thinks he leaves, she climbs out and tries to leave, only to have him spring up and hit her with Marz' axe. Betsy finally leaves the cabin and sees Marz running around the campgrounds, causing her to grab a double-barreled shotgun and quietly makes her way to the open-doored kitchen cabin, only to have Ellie at a window, causing her to accidentally shoot her. Realizing that Ellie is dead, she runs and wakes up the kids, telling them to get into the bus they took to get there. They quickly do and she joins them, and begins to drive the bus away from camp, only to have Marz pop up at the door and try to get in. Betsy beats his hand, making him let go and has the oldest boy drive the rest to safety, while she goes to kill Marz and save her friends. She gets out, and follows Marz to his house out in the woods.Once inside she tries not to make any noise, but makes a step creak, causing him to come at her in the darkness, where she shoots him with her shotgun. He snatches it from her during a struggle, when he hits her in the face with his claw nails, ripping her face open. He then drags her towards the basement, while she tries to get away, shoves her up onto a coat hanger poker, She pulls out a hunting knife and stabs him in the shoulder, causing him to knock over a candle. He presumably leaves after having knocked over the candle. The candle begins to burn everything, including the victims he had killed and the skeletons of his wife and two children. The ending shows Max driving back to the camp and almost hitting a shaken Richie, who now says that Madman Marz is real.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  storytelling, 

title: 4 mosche di velluto grigio
synopsis: Roberto Tobias (Michael Brandon) plays the drums for a local Rome rock and roll band when at various time, he sees a man in dark sunglasses wearing a suite and tie, watching him. After the session, Roberto sees the man and follows him through the dark streets to an apparently abandoned opera house where he confronts the man and asks him why he's been following him for the past several weeks. The man declines such actions and pulls a knife on Roberto when the drummer gets too close. In the struggle, the man is accidentally stabbed and he falls from the stage to the lower level. Suddenly a spotlight is turned onto Roberto and a masked person on the balcony snaps some photos of Roberto holding the bloody knife.That night, Roberto returns home and lies in bed awake as his wife Nina (Mimsy Farmer) lies beside him. The next day, Roberto reads the newspaper describing the dead man and he receives a letter containing the identification of a certain Carlo Marosi, the man who Roberto stabbed. That evening at a get-together of several band members and friends at his house, one of the guests talks about beheading executions in Saudi Arabia, and Roberto looks through some record albums and sees the photos of the incident. Amelia (Maria Fabbri), the maid, sees him and the photos, but does not tell him that she knows. That night, Roberto has a disturbing dream about him being beheaded in a coliseum in Saudi Arabia when he wakes up after hearing a noise. Roberto looks around and a cord is wrapped around his neck. The masked person tells Roberto, he could kill him now, but will not for he is not finished with him, and knocks him out before running away. Nina walks in and asks her husband what is wrong and he finally admits to the accidental stabbing and subsequent harassment, and says that they cannot go to the police.Roberto goes to see Godfrey (Bud Spencer) (whom Roberto's annoys by nicknaming him 'God'). Godfrey is a beatnick artist living in a shack outside Rome with his colleague, a con-artist known only as the Professor (Oreste Lionello). Roberto confides in them about his problem and Godfrey suggests having the Professor keep an eye on him. Later, Roberto jumps out at a person who approaches his house in the pouring rain and beats him with a stick. But it is only the slow-witted mailman with a special delivery.Meanwhile, Amelia calls someone and says that she knows what the person is doing to Roberto. She wants blackmail money or she'll go to the police. The unseen person has a flashback episode of being committed to a lunatic asylum and being tied down on a bed.Amelia goes to a local park and waits on a bench. As night falls, the park crowd dissipates, and she stands to leave when she hears a person say her name. When Amelia discovers that she is locked inside the park, the runs along the high wall and cries out for help. A couple on the other side hear her, but the man is unable to scale the stone wall. Before he can get to the gate entrance, Amelia screams and is killed by the unseen person who slashes her throat with a straight razor.A little later, Nina arrives at a train station where she picks up her cousin Dalia (Francine Racette) and she joins Roberto's group for another get-together in the house of playing music, smoking dope, and political discussions. Roberto is the only person who does not seem to want Dalia there. Mikro, Roberto's band mate, asks why Roberto did not show up for rehearsals that day. Then Nina gets a phone call and learns that Amelia has been murdered. Roberto later has the same dream of being decapitated again and he wakes up when a noise is heard. He investigates but only hears his pet cat hissing. The next morning, there is note from the killer, and Nina is now frightened.Meanwhile, it is revealed that Carlo Marosi is alive and well, and eating at a local restaurant. Carlo calls someone and asks them to meet at his place. referring to someone being killed. At Carlo's small apartment, he tells the unseen person that what they agreed to in harassing Roberto and mentions the toy (a knife with a trick blade). Carlo had been approached by the unseen killer to set this whole thing up, but now Carlo wants to back out. But the killer picks up a blunt object and hits Carlo on the head. The unseen killer gets a wire and twists around the man's neck, decapitating him. The killer then disposes of the dead Carlo to make sure he is not found.Elsewhere, the Professor tells Roberto that he saw someone last night in his back garden, with his cat wrapped in a blanket. He tried to stop the person, but got hit on the head. The Professor tells Roberto that he may seek outside help to learn who is harassing him.Roberto goes to meet with Arrosio (Jean-Pierre Marielle), a flamboyantly gay private investigator. After the drummer tells the PI his story, Arrosio admits to never having solved a case, but is optimistic that his bad record will be broken. During a drive with Roberto, Arrosio asks him questions about his life and about Nina, when they met and how long they were married. Roberto mentions Nina getting a big inheritance. After dropping off Arrosio at his apartment, Roberto returns to his house where Nina is leaving town with police officers about the Amelia murder. She tells Roberto that she does not want to stay in the house anymore with someone stalking them. But Roberto decides to stay and invites Dalia over to spend time with him.That evening Roberto takes a bath when Dalia walks in and admits that she has had romantic feelings for him and the two of them make love. Afterwards, Arrosio arrives and is a little surprised to see Roberto with Dalia and that Nina has left. Roberto gives Arrosio some photos of his past and his family as well as Nina's and Dalia's. Then, they find Roberto's pet cat's head and wrapped in plastic. That night, Roberto has his nightmare again about the decapitation execution, and wakes up in a cold sweat. Dalia comforts him.Meanwhile, Arrosio is in his office looking at photos of Roberto's family and friends, as well as some old papers and financial records. He is getting frustrated at not making any progress with the case until something catches his eye. He begins looking through more old papers of Roberto's past. A little later that same night, Arrosio phones Roberto and tells him that he's found a strange resemblance in one photo, but tells him that it may only be a red herring. Arrosio tells Roberto that he's found the name Villa Rapidi and asks if anyone ever mentioned it, but Roberto claims to have never heard it before. Arrosio thanks Roberto and hangs up without telling him what it means.The next day, Arrosio arrives at the Villa Rapidi Psychiatric Clinic where a doctor tells the private investigator about a patient that Arrosio is inquiring about (the name is not mentioned) who stayed there for three years as a teenager, whom was diagnosed as a homicidal mania. When the father who committed the teenager died from a sudden heart attack, the mental symptoms disappeared overnight and the patient was deemed cured. The doctor also suspects that the man who committed the teen and the teen's mother there was not the patient's real father.Arrosio talks to various people around Rome looking for the nameless ex-patient from Villa Rapidi. He later visits an estate-turned-boarding-house where he talks to the landlord about the patient he is looking for. The boarding house is the residence of the killer. Arrosio follows the unseen person from the estate and onto a subway train. He gets off at the person's stop and follows the unseen person to the men's room where the unseen killer attacks him in a stall, and stabs him in the chest with a syringe of a glowing blue poison. The killer leaves, as Arrosio lies dying on the restroom floor. But with a smile on his face and with his last breath, Arrosio mumbles, I was right....Roberto learns of Arrosio's murder and meets with Godfrey and the Professor at a convention hall where coffins are being sold. Roberto tells them about his nightmares and Godfrey thinks that it might be a premonition of something to come. Godfrey suggests that someone with a grudge against Roberto is trying to drive him crazy and wants him to leave Rome at once. But Roberto refuses, determined to find the killer on his own.A few days later, Dalia calls the studio asking for Roberto, but he is busy recording music with his band. As Dalia packs her suitcase, she notices a strange similarly between a recent photo of Roberto and Nina with some unseen person in another photo. Just then, Dalia hears a noise and is frightened. Dalia slips off her shoes and sneaks up to the attic where she arms herself with a knife and waits as she hears the intruder looking for her. Dalia hides behind a door with the knife when the killer comes inside, then leaves. When Dalia thinks the killer is gone, she steps out of the doorway when a knife hits her on her forehead. Dalia stumbles down the attic stairs and is stabbed to death by the unseen killer.After finding the body, Roberto calls the police and they tell him about a test they will do on Dalia. By removing one of her eyes and shooting a laser through it, they will be able to see the last image that Dalia had seen for the image is retained on the retina for several hours after death. On a computer screen, they see only four dark smudges against a gray background which looks like, as the technician puts it, four flies on gray velvet. The test is declared inconclusive.That night, Roberto loads a gun and sits in his dark home, waiting for the killer to make his move. He nods off and begins dreaming again, and his dream goes all the way with the gory beheading of a criminal in Saudi Arabia. Roberto is woken up when the phone rings and it is Godfrey asking if the drummer is okay. Roberto says that he is, and then the line goes dead. A few minutes later, Nina arrives home from her long getaway and Roberto almost shoots her as she walks through the front door. Roberto puts down the gun and tells her to leave and tries to push her out the front door, when Nina's necklace (a fly enclosed in glass) swings.... giving the appearance of more than one fly, and Roberto pulls her back inside and hits her. Roberto confronts Nina and accuses her of killing Amelia, Arrosio, and Dalia, and the one who terrorized him. Nina grabs Roberto's gun and shoots him the in shoulder.As Roberto lies wounded on the floor, Nina suddenly adopts a sneering, wild-eyed appearance. Nina mechanically laughs and she tells Roberto about her abusive stepfather who placed her in a lunatic asylum when she was little and when he died, her mental condition was cured. But when Nina apparently met Roberto many years later, he reminded her of her late father. So, Nina married Roberto and cooked up this whole event as part of her twisted way of getting back at her father, since Roberto is apparently the dead-splitting image of Nina's late father. Nina shoots Roberto a few more times in his arm and both legs, when Godfrey runs in and Roberto knocks the gun out of Nina's hands. Nina runs to Roberto's car and speeds away. But in a twist of fate, she doesn't look where she is going and rams into the back of a truck, and she is decapitated by the truck's rear bumper as it smashes, in slow-motion, through her car windshield. The car then explodes in a mass of flames.
tags: neo noir,  murder,  allegory,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  flashback,  insanity,  tragedy,  romantic, 

title: The Hunted
synopsis: Paul Racine (Christopher Lambert), a computer-chip executive from New York, is on one of his many business trips to Nagoya. He meets a beautiful woman named Kirina (Joan Chen) in the hotel lounge, and ends up having a one-night-stand with her. When he attempts to further the relationship, Kirina implies that she has no future and thanks him for a wonderful night of pleasure and love. Dejected and somewhat confused, Paul reluctantly leaves her to be alone as she requests.Soon after the gaijin leaves her suite, however, she is approached by Kinjo (John Lone) and two other men dressed as ninja. Kirina shows no fear and explains that she has accepted her fate. Kinjo, the leader of a cult of ninja assassins, is impressed by the woman's courage and grants her final wish by showing her his face. Paul, who had left with the wrong room key, returns and, upon seeing the situation, hides in the foyer while calling the police. When Kinjo decapitates Kirina (after telling her that she's the first person outside of the cult ever to see his face), Paul first tries to come to her defense, alerting the three ninjas to his presence and then tries to flee. Enraged that someone else has seen his face, Kinjo's men stab Paul, hit him with a poisoned shurkien, and slash his throat, leaving him for dead.Paul awakes in a hospital room, where he is told that the wound will heal, but his claims of seeing Kinjo are met with disbelief by the police. He is soon approached by a man named Takeda (Yoshio Harada), who is an expert on the cult, and Kinjo in particular. Paul later discovers that Takeda is the last in a long line of samurai and has his own score to settle with Kinjo. After the ninja attempt to murder Paul at the hospital, killing six police officers in the process. Takeda and his wife Mieko (Yoko Shimada) decide to take Paul to their family's stronghold, located on an island several hundred miles away. In leaving the city, however, Takeda uses Paul as bait to draw Kinjo out. This leads to a battle on a bullet train in which several passenger cars worth of innocent people are slaughtered by the ninja. Takeda and Mieko defeat the attackers, only to learn that Kinjo was not among them. The ninja leading the attack was Junko, Kinjo's lover, giving the ninja master personal motivation to kill Paul and Takeda.While on the island, Paul spends much time with the drunken blacksmith Oshima, who is constructing a new sword for Takeda (he had furiously broken his own sword following the train fight when police confiscated it as evidence), and the old man teaches him about both smithing and swordsmanship. Mieko explains to him the history of the two clans' conflict as well as the samurai concepts of courage and honor. Mieko is sympathetic toward the gentle and compassionate Paul, the polar opposite of her moody and somewhat-deranged husband, although she remains fiercely loyal to Takeda.Meanwhile, Kinjo decides to find out who hired his clan to murder Kirina. The man he finds (James Saito) is a powerful Yakuza figure who bought Kirina from her father, then ordered her death when she left him after years of servitude. Kinjo, disgusted that he killed an innocent woman over such a petty grievance, kills the man.Three weeks later, Takeda's new sword is ready, and Paul's injuries have healed considerably. When Paul announces that he wants to leave the island and return home to New York, Takeda has him imprisoned and sends a message to Kinjo telling him Paul's whereabouts. Takeda's inexperienced samurai are overwhelmed by the hordes of ninja who arrive on the island, but Takeda finally gets the duel with Kinjo that he has wanted all along. Kinjo stabs Takeda through the torso; Takeda in turn manages to stab Kinjo in the leg, but soon dies.As Kinjo is about to kill a helpless Mieko he is caught off-guard by Paul, whom Oshima had released on Mieko's instructions. Paul stabs Kinjo in the arm, but now finds himself face-to-face with his would-be killer, armed with only a sword he barely knows how to use. With his new-found skills, a lot of luck (the injuries to Kinjo's leg and especially to his arm), and the assistance of a wounded Mieko, Paul manages to decapitate Kinjo, as he had done to Kirina.The film ends with Paul, Mieko, and Oshima starting to head up the hill toward the castle in the distance.
tags: neo noir,  murder,  cult,  revenge,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  humor,  suspenseful, 

title: Silent Hill
synopsis: SHARON! Where are you? We first hear Rose DaSilva (Radha Mitchell) shouting these words as she and her husband Chris (Sean Bean) search for their daughter Sharon in the middle of the night. Rose runs beneath a highway through some kind of river and finds herself standing over a gigantic waterfall. She sees Sharon (Jodelle Ferland) standing on the other side in a trance (she sleepwalks). We see from Sharon's point of view the world literally falling apart and becoming some kind of hell (think the Hell LA sequences in Constantine). Just before Sharon sleepwalks off the cliff, Rose gets to her and wakes her up, where she starts screaming, Silent Hill! Silent Hill! over and over. Chris arrives and reassures his wife and daughter, although it's obvious both him and Rose know it's far from alright.Two years later. Sharon is leaning against a tree and coloring in a picture of herself and a lion near the tree. Rose comes up and her and Sharon play around a bit. She then tells Sharon about her sleepwalks and how she keeps mentioning Silent Hill. Sharon says that she doesn't remember, but Rose replies with, That's why we're going there...so you can remember. They leave and head out, passing a sign that basically says angels shall be judged by saints -- people -- and not the other way around. Meanwhile, we see Chris trying to contact his wife, who is continually ignoring his calls (apparently this trip was not made to include him). He begins looking at some of the websites Sharon pulled up on Silent Hill, and he learns that it is located in West Virginia, is considered one of the most haunted towns in America, and that 30 years ago, there was a large underground fire that pretty much killed everyone there.That night, Sharon and Rose pull into Braham's Gas Station, which is within spitting distance of Silent Hill. As she gets out, Rose notices Sharon's pictures and sees that they've been changed to show people burning in various buildings, like a church or a school. Sharon wakes up and Rose asks her about them, but Sharon starts crying and swears she didn't do them, which a nearby female police officer takes notice of. Rose placates Sharon by saying she can ride up front with her, and then goes inside to pay. The cop comes over and tries to talk to Sharon, but Sharon just rolls up the window and ignores her, saying she never talks to strangers. The cop just smiles and says, Good girl. Inside, Rose tries to get directions to Silent Hill but is told that the road is closed and her credit card has been declined. She pays cash and then calls Chris. He tells her what he found out, but she just asks him to trust her. Rose heads back to the car, and the cop tries to talk with her, but Rose waves her off and drives away... but not before the cop gets her license plate number.A little while later, we see Rose and Sharon approaching the Silent Hill turnoff when they get pulled over by the cop from before. She approaches the vehicle just as Rose notices a sign indicating the turnoff is right ahead. She tells Sharon to buckle her seatbelt and speeds off. The cop gets on her motorbike and gives chase. Sharon crashes through a padlocked gate and crosses an old bridge, managing to lose the cop at some point. She keeps heading forward at seventy and rounds a curve just as we see someone step into the road. Sharon warns her and the two girls scream as Rose swerves the car and they crash into the embankment.The next morning, Rose wakes up with a big bump on her head. She looks around groggily and suddenly notices that Sharon has disappeared. She gets out of the car and begins calling for her as she notices that snow has begun falling... black snow made of ash. She passes a sign that says Welcome to Silent Hill and heads into town, utterly lost and disoriented. She wanders the streets calling for Sharon, and suddenly sees a little girl who looks exactly like Sharon running off. Rose gives chase and eventually ends up atop some stairway leading down below street level. She starts descending just as an air raid siren begins sounding from somewhere. Things grow unbelievably dark, and Sharon takes out a lighter. She turns it on and sees that she is now standing atop some grated floor with falling apart walls and... basically it's the same hell world Sharon saw earlier. She wanders around trying to get her bearings and trips over a wheelchair. She stumbles upon an undead guy who has been strung up and gutted, and then she catches another glimpse of the Sharon lookalike. She runs after her but finds a chain-link fence between her and the girl. She turns around and then finds a bunch of gray ghost children behind her. One of them gives a banshee-sized wail and begins attacking her, but she gets it off just in time for a hundred or so more to come up. She runs past them and manages to find a door. The children overwhelm her and she gets the door open. She crawls away and screams, but----she wakes up in some abandoned bowling alley where Ring of Fire is playing on the jukebox. She looks around, but the gray children are nowhere in sight, and if it weren't for her obvious wounds, it could almost be a dream or hallucination. She runs out of the bowling alley and heads down a street, trying to find someone, but is stopped by an enormous chasm that seems to have simply cut off Silent Hill from the world, even cutting through buildings halfway. She leans over to look down, and then someone behind her says, Only the dark one opens and closes the door to Silent Hill. She turns and sees a dishevelled and dirty homeless woman there. She approaches the woman, Dahlia Gillespie (Deborah Kara Unger), and asks what's going on and tells her about Sharon, but Dahlia just says We've all lost our children. When Rose gets more cryptic comments, she pulls out a locket picture of Sharon. Dahlia freaks and claims that the picture is of her daughter. She tries to attack Rose, but Rose hits her and runs away as Dahlia says, Deep in the fires, she will be buried.At this point we cut back to Braham's gas and see Chris pulling up. He gets out and asks the station mechanic (Ron Gabriel) if he's seen his wife, but the mechanic claims not to know anything, even when Chris offers a bribe and shows him a picture.Back in town, we see Rose heading back to the car. She sees a picture of Sharon's blowing on the ground and sees it is of a school. She goes through some other pictures and realizes they're of places around Silent hill. She gets in the car and calls Chris's cell phone. Chris picks up, but all he hears is static. Regardless, Rose says what happened and tells Chris that she is heading for the school. She tries to start the car but is interrupted by the cop, who tells her to get out of the car.Meanwhile, we see Chris pull up to the bridge, but it is blocked by police. He says that he is Rose's husband and gets through. At the other end of the bridge, he meets detective Thomas Gucci (Kim Coates) and tells him what he's doing there. Gucci tells him that he understands and that he's got an officer on the other side of the fallen trees blocking the road. A deputy named Cybill Bennet (Laurie Holden), who apparently did something famous with a young boy three years ago in that town, and she's probably got Rose in good condition.Meanwhile, we see exactly what condition Officer Cybill has Rose in handcuffs. Rose is trying to tell her that something is wrong in town, but Cybill is ignoring her and tells her how three years ago she tracked some sick guy into town who went into the mines with a little boy. She rescued the kid and spent three days trapped in there before someone could rescue them. They get back to Cybill's overturned police motorcycle and Cybill tries to radio in, but gets nothing but static. Rose tries again, but instead is forced to march with Cybill to.... another chasm. Rose yells at Cybill about not believing her just as something comes out of the mountains that looks like a person. Cybill takes out her gun and yells at it to halt, but it keeps coming, and we see that it has no arms and gray skin (Michael Cota). It spits some kind of acid at Cybill, who takes it on the jacket and helmet. She rips them off, dodges another round, and shoots the Spitter five times before it goes down. Rose seizes the opportunity and runs back into town, still in handcuffs but now with a clear destination. She finds a map of town on a corner lamppost and eventually makes her way to Midwich Elementary School, whose motto above the school door reads, The foes of the righteous shall be damned to suffer or something like that. Rose finds the main office and grabs a set of keys to every door and drawer in the school. She also uses the keys to get a flashlight out of one drawer, which thankfully works.At this point we check back in with Chris, who is being driven around a bright, fogless, and snowless Silent Hill by Gucci. Gucci is on the P.A. system and is telling Rose to come out. Chris thinks she might respond more to his voice, but Gucci vetoes that, telling him that when a woman steals off in the middle of the night with her daughter, hearing her husband tell her to come out is not something that usually gets them to come out. Meanwhile, we see Rose searching the school when she hears something coming upstairs from the basement. She opens a door and softly calls out and sees a pair of very imposing men -- the miners -- come out. She runs off and eventually ends up in a classroom. She finds a desk with witch carved into it and looks inside. She finds the journal of Alessa Gillespie, and we see a scene of the young girl who looks like Sharon being mocked by her classmates for apparently being the daughter of a witch. Suddenly Rose sees either Alessa or Sharon running past and follows her into a bathroom. Inside, Rose hears the sounds of a little girl crying and figures out which stall it's coming from. She opens the stall but instead of Alessa or Sharon finds a dead naked janitor with dog tags identifying him as Colin being held up by barbwire in a contorted position. The wall behind him reads Dare you dare you double dare you! and we see an arrow pointing into Colin's mouth. Rose sees something sticking out and reaches through the barbwire to pull out a hotel key -- the Grand Hotel, Room 111. She runs away from Colin and opens the door just in time to be caught by one of the miners' lights. She slams the door shut as three of them head for the door. Rose locks it with her key set just in time for a canary the miners had to start flapping around wildly. The miners look at each other and bolt.Right after the miners retreat the same siren goes off, and Rose looks around her as the walls literally start melting and changing back into the Hell version of things. Just as things finish changing, Colin wakes up and starts coming towards Rose. He pulls himself along the walls and somehow creates a horde of giant cockroaches with human faces, which chase Rose out the door and down the hallway. The bugs find the miners and take them down, and Rose runs faster. Unfortunately, while she's running, she gets blocked by a giant of a man with a pyramid helmet for a head. He swings his massive knife at her (it's about ten feet long and two feet wide) and runs, crossing some in-school bridge. He catches up and knocks her out a window, and she falls two stories to the ground. She runs to the other side of school, into another wing, and eventually collapses by a bank of lockers.We then cut to Chris, who is apparently searching the school with Detective Gucci in broad daylight, and it looks just fine. Gucci tries to placate him a little, but Chris isn't having any of it. Suddenly, they pass the locker bank where on the other side Rose is lying in a heap, and Chris swears to Gucci that he can feel her and smell her perfume, though Gucci just ignores this and keeps Chris moving.Meanwhile, Rose is still crying when we see someone come up and start dragging her somewhere. Eventually Rose ends up in a boiler room where we see that her abductor is... Cybill! She takes off the cuffs just in time for the bugs to show up again. They slam the door shut and lock it with a steel pipe through the handles when suddenly a giant knife slams through the door, narrowly missing them. The Pyramid Head demon tries a few more times and then starts trying to pull the door apart. Cybill shoots him a few more times but runs out of ammo just in time for things to revert back to normal.Once the town returns to the regular side, Cybill puts her last clip in her gun while Rose tells her about the hotel key. The two make their way there as we see Chris finding out that there are no records regarding what happened in Silent Hill or at the very least, the records are kept private and locked up.Meanwhile, we see Rose and Cybill get to the Grand Hotel. Inside, they see Dahlia being...plastered (guess they're out of stones)... by a woman named Anna (Tanya Allen). She chases Dahlia out and begins spouting some religious nonsense to Cybill and Rose. Cybill looks around while Rose asks Anna about Sharon. Anna points out a drawing on the floor of a cross with circles on the ends, and says it is a symbol of their faith that was created by the elders of their elders. They are interrupted by Cybill, who has found a bunch of keys scattered across the floor and a piece of art she found in the mailbox for room 111 that looks like Sharon's other works. Rose immediately decides that they need to find room 111 as soon as possible.Back with Chris, we see that night has fallen on his side. He is outside the Braham's town archives. They lock up and leave the building. He heads over there and breaks in. He heads upstairs and after searching around a bit, finds the files for Silent Hill, including a report of a burning victim named Alessa Gillespie. Chris finds a photo of Alessa, and is shocked to see that Alessa looks exactly like Sharon. He dials a number on his cell phone and gets an address for a building.Back with Rose, we see her, Cybill, and Anna -- who is apparently along for info -- looking for room 111, which apparently doesn't exist. Anna points out a picture of the first witch burning the town ever had, and Rose realizes the whole town was founded by witch hunters. In a flash of inspiration, she picks up a knife she took from the kitchen downstairs and tears the picture apart to find...room 111. They go inside and find that the room is little more than a storage closet with a hole in one wall that leads to another hole in the next building, and more beyond. Cybill jumps first, followed by Rose (who loses the knife), and they leave Anna to make the jump herself. Inside this new building they find more stuff and while Cybill is looking around, Rose catches another glimpse of Alessa/Sharon. She gives chase and eventually finds her crying on the other side of a huge pit that leads down into the mines, where we see fires burning. She jumps across, balancing on a few support beams and almost falling once. She goes up to Alessa/Sharon, and the girl turns around and says, I'm burning as her arms and then her whole body burst into flame. Rose screams and steps back, only to realize that Alessa/Sharon isn't there. Cybill and Anna find her and get her back over to them just as the siren starts up. Anna screams The darkness is coming! and runs off, with Cybill and Rose following close. They wind up at the town church, which is apparently the location of the siren. People are coming out of everywhere to get there while Dahlia stands in front, saying You run not towards sanctuary but from your fears. Join not the others, for they are deceived as they are damned. Cybill tries to convince her to come inside, but she grabs Cybill and says, No! They are wolves in the skin of sheep. They brought about their own hell. They'll take you with them! Anna starts throwing stuff at her and screams Filth and lies! at Dahlia, but Cybill holds her back. Rose tries to talk to Dahlia about why they were brought here and what Alessa wants, but Dahlia's only response is, Evil waits in vengeance. Be careful what you choose, as...Just then the darkness comes. Things begin melting, and Cybill and Rose run inside as Dahlia points her index and ring fingers at Anna. She turns and we see that Pyramid Head has appeared behind her. He picks her up and rips her skin off, splattering Rose and Cybill with her blood. The door finally closes and people begin attacking Rose for being a witch until Cybill fires her gun in the air to calm them...or at least to get them away. The leader of the church, Christabella (Alice Krige) comes forth and reassures them that what happened to Anna was not the fault of these outsiders. She then gathers the faithful in prayer for sanctuary from the darkness, declaring that those whose names are not written in the book of life shall burn in the lake of fire.Meanwhile, we see Chris inside the Toluca County Orphanage, trying to get information on Sharon's past. He tries to talk with one of the nuns running the place, but she is very resistant to the idea of giving out information, particularly hers. Chris starts getting rough when suddenly Gucci shows up again. He arrests Chris for breaking and entering (the archives), and then has a talk with him about justice, saying that it's a foggy concept, since there's man's justice, God's...and even the Devil's. He also shows Chris his hands, which were apparently badly burned by something sometime in the past. Gucci then informs Chris that he is being taken out of town and back to his home state and not to ever return again.Back in Silent Hill, we see Christabella explaining to Rose that she will need faith to find her daughter and survive here, since, as she observes, In the eyes of a child, a mother is God, but Rose isn't buying into this -- she just wants to find Sharon. Christabella agrees to take her to the home of the demon, and, with a few miners along for protection, they head to Brookhaven Hospital. Here Christabella informs Rose and Cybill that the demon is housed in room B151 and gives them a flashlight to see by, even though the monsters will be drawn to it. Rose memorizes the map as much as she can while two miners break open an elevator leading to the wards. Christabella moves to give back Rose's locket, which one of the faithful apparently took from her (Christabella's excuse: We're scavengers.) when she notices the picture of Sharon inside. She starts calling Rose a witch and Rose runs into the elevator, with Cybill covering her. Cybill kills a miner with his own weapon and starts the elevator going down. Rose screams for her, but it's no use. Cybill trains her gun on Christabella and pulls the trigger...on an empty chamber. The remaining miners beat her senseless as Christabella smiles.Meanwhile, Rose has descended about 40 floors a minute and is now getting out of the elevator. She finds herself in the A Ward, meaning she has to go down one more floor. She begins picking her way through but once on the B floor finds her way blocked by a bunch of freaky looking nurses bent in various awkward positions and holding sharp knives that could slice open an elephant. She shines the light on them and they all snap to attention and begin coming for her. She turns the light off and they go back to rest. She begins to pick her way through, but the nurses eventually wake up and start trying to attack her. She ducks down and tricks them into attacking each other. While they're busy with that, she gets free of the crowd, drops the flashlight, runs, and finds the room. She opens the door and...We hear the voice of Alessa saying that she is going to show Rose the truth about what happened, as a reward for coming all this way. We see Alessa being picked on again, and she runs into the bathroom, which is being cleaned by Colin. He smiles at her and Alessa narrates about how desperate for love and acceptance constant hate can make you, and it is strongly suggested that Colin raped her. We later see her coming out of the bathroom and being talked to by her mother, who looked much better then, and her aunt/principal, Christabella! Since the town is so taken with Christabella, a town meeting is held, and it is decided that the sin shall be cleansed, and that sin is Alessa, since her mother does not know or will not reveal who Alessa's father was. Against Dahlia's protests, they tie her up and roast her over a fire, but the fire spreads until it consumes everything. We next see Alessa, blackened and crispy, being pulled from the wreckage as Dahlia weeps. Alessa describes how her hate grew so much, and how one day something gave her power to use that hate. One day, we see a young nurse doing her rounds. Lisa pokes her head into Alessa's room and becomes her first victim, and...We see Rose in room B151. In front of her is what remains of Alessa (Lorry Ayers), who is now about 30 years older. She is being tended to by an eyeless and blood-covered Lisa. Lisa moves to sit next to Alessa, and then the little girl steps forward. Rose asks who she is, and we get a typical I have many names answer. She says that Sharon was the last representation of the goodness in Alessa, and that Sharon is about to be found by Christabella and her minions. Rose asks why she is here and Alessa says that it is so Christabella can be confronted with the truth. She then hugs Rose and proceeds to absorb into her body. While doing this, we see Sharon hiding in the Nathan Motel, which Rose kept passing throughout the movie, in time for Dahlia and a bunch of miners to come in. Dahlia tries to ward off the miners, but is unsuccessful and they take Sharon. Meanwhile, we see Chris being dropped off at his car in the early morning. Gucci says that they will keep trying to find Rose and Sharon, but Chris doesn't believe him and drives off.We then cut to the church in daylight. We see a still-alive Cybill tied to a ladder while Christabella says that she must be burned. Cybill tries to shout some sense into the people, but is unsuccessful as one might expect. They lower the ladder over a fire as Cybill catches Sharon's eye and shouts that Rose is coming, but this just draws some laughter from the crowd, who then proceed to burn Cybill's flesh off. The crowd then gets set to burn Sharon too when the doors slam open and we see Rose standing there, with Dahlia creeping up behind. Rose -- now covered in blood, wearing all red, and with fire in her eyes -- begins taking the townsfolk to task for what they are doing, but Christabella orders her burnt as well. Rose laughs at this solve-all solution and gets right up in Christabella's face, but gets stabbed through the heart with a sacred knife of Christabella's. She calls Rose a blasphemer while Sharon screams...just as a drop of black blood falls from the knife to the floor of the church. Things grow dark, and Rose begins coughing out more and more black blood from inside. The blood spreads and the darkness at last overwhelms the church. Old Alessa rises out of the hole that was formed and begins running everyone through with barbed wire and killing them spectacularly while Rose heals (a gift of Alessa's) and makes for Sharon. She gets there with Alessa dispatching anyone who gets in the way while Dahlia watches in horror and asks her daughter, What have you become?The young Alessa has shown up just in time for Christabella to get run through with barbed wire. She is torn apart by the wire from inside while Young Alessa dances in the blood rain just as Rose frees Sharon. They crawl into the corner and attempt to ignore everything as Sharon climbs up the ladder. Rose keeps telling Sharon to pretend it's a bad dream just as Sharon opens one eye to find Alessa staring her right in the face.The next morning, we see a depressed Chris arriving home, going inside, and closing the door.Meanwhile, we see Rose and an eerily calm and happy Sharon walking out of the church. Dahlia asks Rose why Alessa didn't kill her and Rose repeats what Christabella told her about a mother's love; Mother is God in the eyes of a child. Dahlia looks at the two, and Sharon looks at her, and it is strongly implied that Sharon is now Alessa.Rose and her daughter head back to the car, and Rose calls home. The machine picks up, and Christopher hears only static, but we see Rose saying that they'll be home soon. Rose pulls out and through the fog, passes Cybill's motorcycle. They come to where the chasm was, but it fixes itself and they drive on through the fog.They are still in a fog when they pass Braham's Gas and arrive home, where Christopher is sleeping through the unblocked sunlight. The girls go in, leaving the door open, and Sharon goes to play with something as Rose sits on a chair opposite the empty couch where Chris is still lying, having just woken up. He rises and lingers around the chair where Rose isn't sitting in his world, and then heads for the door. He sees that the door is open and runs forward, hoping to maybe catch a glimpse of Rose and Sharon, but when he looks outside, he sees only his car, parked right where Rose had parked her car.Although Rose and Sharon are in the same room as Christopher, they cannot see each other, apparently because Rose and Sharon, still surrounded by fog, now exist in another reality or plane-of-existence, as a result of entering Silent Hill.
tags: dark,  boring,  gothic,  murder,  suspenseful,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Land of the Dead
synopsis: The film opens with a recap of the zombie outbreak during the credits, and we are brought to the time setting of today. In a small, run-down town, zombies are everywhere, and they seem to retain knowledge of their lives before they died. Some zombies try to play instruments in a town square. A teenage boy zombie holds hands with a female teenage zombie as if on a date. The teenage zombies walk past a gas station, where the zombie attendant hears the bell that signifies that someone is there. The zombie walks outside and is ready to fill a car with gas, but he sees that there is no car so he puts back the gas nozzle.From the name-tag that he has, his name is Big Daddy (Eugene Clark). Watching Big Daddy through binoculars is Riley (Simon Baker) and his new rookie. Riley sees that the zombies are getting somewhat smarter, and that they are thinking more. This worries him. Riley is a part of a group of humans who venture out to small towns and gather essential supplies for people back at the last known human city. Riley built a vehicle that is justly named 'Dead Reckoning', which is basically a combination of a bus, train, and tank. It is fully loaded with machine guns, rockets, and fireworks.Riley and the rookie meet up with Cholo (John Leguizamo), who also has the same job as Riley of collecting supplies as well as dumping trash in a nearby landfill. Riley tells Cholo that the zombies are thinking, and to be careful when they go into the town. Cholo brushes off the warning, but Riley gets his point across. It is Riley's last night out, and he doesn't want anyone dying. Cholo reveals that it is his last night out as well. A figure is walking towards Riley and the rookie, but they don't see it. The rookie turns around, sees it, and gets ready to blast it to hell when Riley recognizes it and orders the rookie to lower his weapon.It is only Charlie (Robert Joy), a man who has half of his face burnt from a fire. Charlie is slightly retarded. He is Riley's right-hand man, and is his trusted friend. Charlie and Riley wonder how Cholo is retiring tonight, unless he won the lottery. The rag-tag team of humans get in their jeeps and motorcycles, and proceed towards the town. Pretty Boy (Joanne Boland), the female operator of Dead Reckoning, fires off some fireworks over the town. All the zombies stare at the sky, their attentions focused on the lights. This allows Riley and the humans to move freely throughout the town unnoticed.Big Daddy is the only zombie who does not look at the fireworks. He sees his fellow undead companions looking at the sky, and he tries to shake their attention from it. The humans are just about finished with finding things to bring back home when Cholo tells Riley that he just needs to make one more stop at a store. Cholo really is going to the shop to steal alcohol, which sells well on the streets back home. Riley urges him not to go, but Cholo ignores him. He takes the rookie and Foxy (Tony Nappo). There's something wrong: the fireworks are jammed. The zombies are starting to become aware of the humans in their midst, and start to stumble towards them.Riley orders Dead Reckoning and the rest of his team to evacuate and retreat back home. Riley and Charlie will go and bring back Cholo with his men. Dead Reckoning starts to head out and blasts away many zombies with its machine guns. Big Daddy sees the danger of the guns and tries to get the other zombies to take cover, but they are not getting it. He holds onto a zombie's head and tries to push him towards the ground, but the machine gun fire blasts the zombie's head off. Big Daddy, still holding onto the zombie's head, sees that it is still alive. To put it out of its misery, he drops the head and stomps on it, crushes its brains. Big Daddy roars with rage.Back at the shop, while looking for some quality alcohol, Cholo is jumped by a zombie. Foxy and the rookie can't get a clean shot, but Cholo prevails safely when he pulls his spear gun from his leg and blasts the zombie's brains out. He collects the alcohol and stops at the counter. He empties a box and tells the rookie to collect it. Some of it falls behind the counter. Cholo and Foxy wait outside. The rookie reaches over the counter and a security guard zombie bites a chunk out of his hand. The rookie screams in pain and stumbles outside. Riley and Charlie pull up to the store and see what's happening. Riley blasts the zombie's brains out. Cholo orders Riley to step aside, as the rookie is going to become one of them.While Riley argues about the rookie's fate, the rookie snatches Riley's pistol and blows his own brains out. This is not how Riley wanted to start his retirement. Riley, Charlie, Cholo, and Foxy go back to the city. Before one of the bikers leaves, Big Daddy tries to grab him but instead grabs his machine gun. Big Daddy doesn't know what to do with it, but slings it over his shoulder and starts to walk in the direction that Dead Reckoning left. The other zombies, including a butcher zombie (Boyd Banks), a tambourine-playing zombie from the town sqare (Jasmin Geljo), a blond female athlete zombie wearing a woman's red softball uniform (Jennifer Baxter) with the number 9 printed on it, as well as the zombie teenage couple and several others, follow Big Daddy.Arriving back at their base that has an underground tunnel leading under a river to the fortified city, Cholo and Foxy watch a commercial for Fiddler's Green, an upper-class community that resides on a hill overlooking the city. It has its own mall, bank, and restaurants with tuxedo-clad waiters. The wealthy live there, and everyone else lives in the streets below. The city is fortified with electrified fences and soldiers staying on guard. At the barrier, a stray zombie tries to climb the fence, but is electrocuted and shot to pieces. The city is surrounded by water on all sides, and the main way to get into the city is called The Throat, which is a bridge.Fiddler's Green is where Cholo wants to retire, and he is confident Kaufman (Dennis Hopper), the owner and manager, will allow him to enter. Riley confronts Cholo about the rookie's death, but Cholo tells him that is the price they pay, and they all knew the risks that came with the job. Cholo takes the finest alcohol he stole and starts to head on over to Fiddler's Green. Riley and Charlie give antibiotics to a homeless man's son, and they head on over to a garage. Riley invested his money in a car, and he was going to drive away to a place with less people, somewhere north like Canada. But, his car is gone and he is not happy about it. Riley and Charlie head off to meet Chihuahua (Phil Fondacaro), who had promised Riley the car.Cholo goes through Fiddler's Green's lavish mall and eventually makes his way to Kaufman's office on the top floor of the building. He pours some champagne into glasses and gives one to Kaufman. Cholo tells him that he is going to retire with all the money Kaufman owes him. Kaufman, however, tells him that space is limited in Fiddler's Green. Cholo sees right through this statement and the millionaire tells him that only certain people are allowed to live there. Kaufman basically tells him that he is not good enough to live there, and sends in a security officer. Kaufman tells Cholo that they will talk again when Cholo is less excited and sends him away. He tells the security officer that he will no longer need Cholo's services. He understands, and tries to kill Cholo in the stairway, but Cholo is smarter and knocks him out. This double-cross is the last straw for Cholo. He leaves.Riley and Charlie go to Chihuahua's underground place, which basically is a Vegas-like joint where people can gamble and buy prostitutes. People can even take a picture with a zombie at a booth (the zombies at the picture booth are Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright of Shaun of the Dead). Chihuahua is a midget who acts tough but couldn't hold his own in a fight. Riley confronts him about his car, but he says that he'll find it soon. He signals one of his guards to keep an eye on Riley. Tonight is a new kind of betting: people bet on which zombie will win in a fight. One zombie is spray-painted black on his mouth while the other is spray-painted red. In order to make them fight, they throw in a prostitute named Slack (Asia Argento).She tries desperately to fend off the ravenous zombies while the crowd of gamblers cheer for their zombie to win. Riley sees what's going on, sees that no one is going to help this poor woman, and shoots/kills the two zombies in the ring. The shots prompt panic and everyone rushes to get out. Chihuahua tries to leave too. Charlie pulls out his rifle, licks the barrel, aims carefully, and blasts his head open. One of Chihuahua's men tries to shoot Riley, but Slack kicks him out of the way and takes the bullet for him in her arm. Charlie kills the other man. The police arrive and demand to know what is going on. All that is left is Riley, Charlie, and Slack. Riley just tells them someone shot the little man.Meanwhile, Big Daddy and the zombies get to a blocked pathway. They don't know how to get in, but Big Daddy sees the Butcher still holding his meat cleaver. He signals for him to hit the board blocking them with the cleaver, and the Butcher does. He hits the board repeatedly until Big Daddy can look through it. A couple of zombies suddenly appear in front of the hole in the board, and Big Daddy sees that they are hung upside down. He looks around and sees other zombies hanging upside down and having targets wrapped around their bodies. Big Daddy sees his target for all the pain his fellow zombies have endured: Fiddler's Green.Riley, Charlie and Slare are in the city jail. Charlie asks Slack why she was put in the cage with the zombies. She tells him that she wanted to become a soldier, but someone else thought she would be a better whore and put her on the street. Riley tells her that she didn't answer Charlie's question. Slack tells them that Kaufman runs everything in and around Fiddler's Green, from the betting to the prostitution. She tried to help out some people of whom Kaufman didn't think too highly, and so he sentenced her to the cage fight. Slack asks Riley what his story is, and he says that nothing bad happened to him. She says that the zombies happened to everyone, and that's bad. Riley is not one for conversation, so Slack just pulls out a joint from her boot and smokes it.Cholo, Foxy, Pretty Boy, Mouse (Max McCabe), and several other people decide to steal Dead Reckoning and hold Fiddler's Green for ransom. They try to pass off old papers as current ones requesting them to take Dead Reckoning from the soldier's hands, but the soldier to whom they give the papers doesn't buy it. Cholo hears gunfire and takes out his gun, wondering what it is. The soldier says that it is nothing to worry about, and that it is only target practice. Meanwhile, two soldiers are wasting time and shooting at a giant inflatable person. The shooter is saying that he would shoot better if the other soldier wouldn't keep breathing down his neck.The other soldier is confused, as he is not close to the soldier. He turns on the light behind him and searches the surrounding grounds. He doesn't see anything, but he hears something out there. Big Daddy suddenly appears with the horde of zombies and attack the two soldiers. Cholo hears the screams and asks if they're practicing screaming too. The alarm goes off and the soldiers leave Cholo and his crews unguarded. They take Dead Reckoning and see that Big Daddy and the zombies are knocking over an non-electric fence. Soldiers are blasting the zombies, but there are too many of them. They knock the fence down and feast upon the soldiers, tearing them apart.The soldiers are getting slaughtered. Cholo and company take off in Dead Reckoning. Upon seeing the vehicle, Big Daddy remembers what it did to the other zombies and squeezes his machine gun in his hand. It fires into the ground. He then points the gun at Dead Reckoning and fires at it. He hits it, but some of his shots miss and blow up a propane tank. One of the zombies catches on fire, and Big Daddy shoots and kills him to put him out of his misery. Big Daddy sees Fiddler's Green across the body of water and starts to move towards the lake with the other zombies including Butcher, Number 9, Tambourine Man, and the zombie teen couple.Cholo contacts Kaufman, who is a bit annoyed that he is still alive. Cholo tells Kaufman the deal: Kaufman will give him and his crew $5 million or he will blow Fiddler's Green apart using Dead Reckoning. He wants the money transported to the port. Kaufman has until midnight, which is a couple of hours away. Kaufman talks with another businessman, and tells him that he will not deal with terrorists. However, Dead Reckoning could destroy their lifestyle and community.Kaufman has Riley pulled out of jail and brought to his office. He tells Riley that Cholo has taken Dead Reckoning and that he wants back his two million dollar vehicle. He charges Riley to bring it back; Cholo can be brought back dead or alive. Riley wants his friends to help him with this mission. Kaufman allows it. All Riley wants in return is a car and plenty of weapons to last him a long time. He is fully prepared to travel to Canada in hopes of less people and zombies. Kaufman agrees. While Riley and Kaufman are discussing their deal, Charlie and Slack are talking back in jail. Charlie tells Slack that he takes care of Riley. Slack asks him why. Charlie says that Riley pulled him out of the fire that scarred him, and that they have been friends ever since.Cholo is working out in Dead Reckoning while talking to Foxy. Cholo justifies his actions by saying that unless he does something, he's going to end up like the poor bastard outside (it's a zombie with a lawn mower). Cholo stops working out, pulls out his spear gun, and shoots the zombie in the eye. Cholo then orders Mouse to go to the port and wait for Kaufman's boat. Mouse will then report back to Cholo if they are rich or not. Mouse gets off Dead Reckoning on his skateboard and goes to a boathouse on the port. He gets scared of the movement within the boathouse, but it turns out to be rats.Riley, Slack, and Charlie are released from jail and are getting geared up with weapons from the army. A soldier offers Charlie a machine gun that fires 18 bullets per second, but Charlie says that he won't need that many and prefers his rifle. The soldier calls him a retard. Riley tells the soldier that he shouldn't make fun of him. Slack takes the machine gun happily. But, Kaufman doesn't completely trust Riley and his friends. In come three soldiers that will make sure Riley doesn't fail: a tough Latino named Manolete (Sasha Roiz), a wisecracking female solder nicknamed Motown (Krista Bridges), and a hulking eithnic Samoa soldier named Pillsbury (Pedro Miguel Arce).They head to the army post where they can get a vehicle, but they find it in flames and in ruin from the previous massacre that took place when Cholo left. They search the nearby parts for keys for a jeep, with Riley and Manolete going off on their own while Charlie and everyone else hang around a jeep. Riley and Manolete come across a severed foot in an army boot in the supply room. It is dark except for Manolete's flashlight. They hear a dripping sound. Upon further searching, they find a couple of zombies feasting on dead bodies. Manolete is ready to blast them away with his machine gun, but Riley tells him that they should use their hand guns. Riley and Manolete blast the zombies away, and they encounter Brubaker, now a zombie, chewing on a femur bone. Riley blasts his brains out.Outside, Motown decides to hotwire a jeep. Charlie licks his rifle, then aims at something lurking about. Slack asks him why he licks his gun, and he just says that it is to prevent the reflection from getting into his vision. Slack asks him how can he even see, seeing how his aiming eye is on the burnt side of his face. He points the rifle at her face. She gets scared and pulls her machine gun out, but Charlie was really aiming directly next to Slack and blasts a zombie square in the forehead.She aims her machine gun at Charlie and pulls the trigger, but she was returning the favor by killing a zombie behind him. However, the shot was so close to Charlie that his ear starts to bleed (he complains that his shot didn't hurt her). Riley and Manolete meet up with the team at the jeep. Once they are all in the jeep, a decapitated zombie walks up to Manolete and freaks him out. The zombie is not decapitated, though; the head is hanging behind his back. The zombie snaps ! his head forward and bites Manolete's arm. Pillsbury kills the zombie and they drive off.It turns out that Riley can track Dead Reckoning with a homing device he placed in its center. Riley also reveals that his little brother was bitten by a zombie. In under than an hour, he turned and Riley had to kill him. Slack tells him that he was lying when he said nothing bad happened to him. He says coldly nothing bad happened to me. That happened to my brother. Slack turns around and kills Manolete, since he is going to die.Meanwhile, Big Daddy and the zombies are at the lake, and they are all staring at the water. Big Daddy jumps in to give an example, and the zombies follow.Slack is driving the jeep, and Riley tells her quickly to pull over. She does, and Charlie holds Pillsbury and Motown at gunpoint. Riley knows that Kaufman will probably not live up to their deal and probably paid off the three soldiers to kill him and his friends once they find Dead Reckoning. Riley tells them that once they find Dead Reckoning, he will do whatever he wants with it. If they have a problem, they will be killed. They continue to drive and locate Dead Reckoning. Meanwhile, Mouse informs Cholo that the money didn't make it. He then blasts away a zombie that tried to get into the boathouse. When he goes to inspect the body, he is overrun by zombies, including one dressed like a clown. They eat him.Big Daddy and his clan cross the lake and head to the streets of the human city. The zombies first attack two girls who were making out, then they attack everyone. Note: Tom Savini makes a zombie cameo as his biker character from the original Dawn of the Dead and hacks apart many people with his machete. The zombies are using shovels, chains, guns, knives, and various other weapons (including their teeth) as means of dismembering people. It is total chaos in the streets below Fiddler's Green. The Butcher zombie attacks a soldier with his cleaver. The soldier has a grenade in his hand and pulls the safety pin out. The Butcher hacks off the soldier's hand (still holding the grenade), and the soldier falls onto his own hand.The grenade explodes and blows the soldier in half. The female softball player zombie, Number 9, manages to grab an M-16 assault rifle from a scared soldier. She doesn't know what to do with it, and this gives the soldier some time to reach for his back-up weapon. Big Daddy comes by and shows Number 9 how to pull the trigger. He directs the machine gun from firing into the ground to firing into the soldier's crotch, then his belly, then his upper body. Number 9 reluctantly drops her softball bat, and now holds onto the rifle and opens fire on more humans until she runs out of ammuntion. The Tambourine zombie relunctantly drops his tambourine to take posession of a crowbar for use as a weapon against the humans.Riley and his group find Dead Reckoning. Pillsbury punches Motown out, thus being trusted by Riley. Riley and Charlie walk out to Dead Reckoning alone while Pillsbury and Slack hide in the nearby bushes. Motown is left in the jeep, knocked out. Riley and Charlie eventually talk their way in into the vehicle but are held at gunpoint by Cholo and his men. Cholo pulls out his spear gun and holds it under Riley's chin. Pretty Boy gets ready to fire rockets at Fiddler's Green. Riley protests, mainly because even if they hit it dead on, the destruction will kill many innocent people in the streets below. Slack sees that they are in danger, and she gets ready to fire. Motown wakes up, grabs a gun, and runs to the vehicle. She gets jumped by a zombie, who bites and rips a chunk out of her neck.Riley hears her screaming, sees Slack in the bushes, and pushes Cholo out of Dead Reckoning. Slack fires and hits Cholo in the stomach. She and Pillsbury then blow away Motown and the zombie that attacked her. Charlie gets his gun back and turns the tables on Cholo's crew. Kaufman sees and hears the explosions outside in the streets below and thinks that Dead Reckoning has fired upon the city. Riley tells him (via phone) that it's not Cholo. Kaufman then fills out a couple of bags with money and is getting ready to leave. One of the businessmen sees what Kaufman is doing. Kaufman tells him to get down because there is a zombie nearby. The guy gets on the floor without looking and Kaufman shoots him. There wasn't a zombie anywhere near them, and Kaufman along with his black servant head down towards the mall.Riley allows Cholo to leave with Foxy, and gives them guns. Riley then takes over Cholo's crew and Pretty Boy turns Dead Reckoning towards the city to save the people. Cholo and Foxy start to walk away when they encounter a zombie. The zombie bites Cholo and he stabs it in the head with a knife. Cholo is now doomed and Foxy aims his shotgun at his head. It's your call he says. Cholo says no and I've always wanted to know how the other side lives. They take the jeep that Riley used to get there and drive back to the city outskirts. Cholo has a score to settle with Kaufman. Cholo wishes Foxy the best of luck, and Foxy drives away without Cholo. He starts to walk towards Fiddler's Green.Big Daddy and the zombies are at the mall's entrance. They can't get in. Big Daddy, who is now holding a jackhammer by this time, uses it to smash the windows of the mall's entrance. The zombies follow his example and they gain access to the mall. They tear apart the upper-class snobs in the mall. The shoppers trample over each other trying to avoid certain death. Big Daddy encounters Kaufman and his servant. Kaufman tells Big Daddy that he has no right and shoots him, but keeps missing his head and hitting him in the leg and shoulder. Big Daddy roars with anger and continues to pursue Kaufman, who has gone to the underground parking complex.His servant unlocks the flashy car and then goes to open the garage door. While he is gone, Big Daddy sneaks up on the car and starts to smash it with his bare hands. The servant sees the zombie and runs away... in the opposite direction... with the car keys. Big Daddy sees the gas nozzle nearby, and starts to pour gasoline all over the car. He smashes the windshield with the nozzle and pours the gas inside of the car. Big Daddy then leaves. Also, some of the people who survived the attacks on the mall and on the streets are now running to the gates of the city. However, the gates are still electrocuted. Zombies are still following them, and they are trapped. They are doomed.Meanwhile, Dead Reckoning is just outside of the city's main bridge, Deep Throat. Riley has to get off and open the gate, seeing how it is up. While he goes inside and pushes the button to lower the bridge, Dead Reckoning is bombarded with hordes of zombies. Zombies are scratching at the vehicle and breaking their fingers/fingernails. One of the undead lunges for Riley and causes him to drop his gun. He yells out for Slack to kill it, but she's having her own problems with the zombies directly outside. Riley manages to decapitate the zombie using some controls from the bridge. Pretty Boy drives Dead Reckoning around, crushing most of the zombies around them. Slack then tells Riley to jump up on the roof, and he does, narrowly missing the clutches of zombies. They cross the bridge to get to the city, but they don't see a legless zombie is still holding onto the vehicle on the back.Kaufman gets out of his car and looks around for Big Daddy. He gets out a reserve set of car keys from his bag and plans to drive way himself. Instead, Cholo comes from the shadows and pulls out his spear gun. He misses Kaufman, and is subsequently shot in the chest. He doesn't go down. Kaufman shoots him in the leg. Nothing. He shoots him in the shoulder. Cholo slowly slumps to the ground. While Kaufman is not looking, Cholo gets back up and attacks him. Kaufman is out of bullets, and Cholo is a zombie. Before Cholo can tear out his throat, Big Daddy returns with a propane tank on fire. He rolls it to the car and because it is drenched in gasoline, it explodes, killing both the zombie Cholo and Kaufman. Big Daddy is happy.Dead Reckoning finally reaches the city, but they only find zombies eating people. It seems like there are no survivors in the city. Riley orders Charlie and Pretty Boy to fire the rockets at the zombies to destroy them. She does, and the zombies explode. When the smoke clears, Riley sees that nothing is moving. Everyone is dead. But then people slowly come out of hiding and walk towards Dead Reckoning. There are survivors. They plan on rebuilding the city slowly but surely. Riley still wants to leave for Canada.Slack, Pretty Boy, Pillsbury, Charlie, and the two other people in Dead Reckoning agree and they plan on going with Riley. Riley sees Big Daddy once again through binoculars who is leading his zombies out of the city. He decides not to kill him, though, because the zombies are only looking for their own place to live, just like Riley and his friends are. The legless zombie on the back of the vehicle jumps a crew member, but Pillsbury manages to kill the zombie. Riley and his crew take off for Canada in Dead Reckoning and fire fireworks in the sky, since they won't be needing them anymore.
tags: comedy,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  sadist, 

title: The Last House on the Left
synopsis: The film begins in the middle of a forest at night. Police officers Morton (Michael Bowen) and Giles (Joshua Cox) are transporting a dangerous criminal, named John Krug (Garret Dillahunt), to prison. Krug requests for them to stop so that he can piss, but they refuse. The car stops at a railroad crossing while a train passes through. Suddenly, a truck crashes into the car. Two masked people get out of the truck and walk over to the car. These people turn out to be Krug's younger brother Francis (Aaron Paul) and Krug's girlfriend Sadie (Riki Lindhome). Giles, extremely bloodied, is still alive and so Sadie shoots him in the head. She then frees Krug and kisses him. Krug asks Francis about his son, and he says that he's okay. Morton is also still alive, though badly injured. Krug strangles him with his seatbelt and they all wonder what Morton's thinking about as he's dying. Francis steals the cash out of Morton's walet, though some blood drips on it. Krug gets Morton's picture of his two little daughters and says that Morton is thinking about what he'll never see again. Krug finishes Morton off.Elsewhere, 16-year-old Mari Collingwood (Sara Paxton) is swimming in a pool as her mother Emma (Monica Potter) watches. After Mari's swim, she asks her mother what her time was. Emma says that it doesn't matter, and says that they should start their vacation. Emma picks up her husband, Dr. John Collingwood (Tony Goldwyn), at a hospital after he's through with performing a surgery. The Collingwoods drive to the forest to spend their vacation at their summer house. Mari, driving, comes to a fork in the road that has a 'Road Ends In The Lake' sign. She turns left and remarks how ridiculous the sign is. The family arrives at the house and starts to unpack their belongings. Mari chooses to stay in the guest house, which is a little walk away from the house. It turns out that Mari had an older brother, named Ben, who died last year. Its clear that the parents have still not gotten over his death. Mari goes to the boathouse and goes for a quick swim in the lake. She then gets dressed and wears a necklace that Ben gave her. Emma's brother, who recently stayed in the house, has left Emma and John a bottle of wine as a token of appreciation. While John tries to fix the broken microwave, Mari asks her parents if she can borrow the car. She wants to go into the nearby town to visit her friend Paige. Emma thought that they could enjoy a nice family meal together, though John gives Mari the keys and a wad of cash to have fun in town. The only thing Emma asks is for Mari to call her when she gets to town. John and Emma plan on having a nice quiet romantic dinner together.Mari hangs out with Paige (Martha MacIsaac) as she works at the general store. As they catch up and talk about their plans to get high, a teenager named Justin (Spencer Treat Clark) grabs a bunch of junk food. He approaches the counter and asks for cigarettes. Paige wants to check his ID, and so Justin comes up with a compromise if she lets him buy the cigarettes, he'll give her primo weed that he has in his motel room. Paige winds up agreeing to the deal. Justin gets nervous when he sees that some of the cash has blood on it, but he finds clean bills to pay with. Mari drives them all to the motel. Justin and Paige get out of the car, telling Mari that they'll be back in a couple of minutes. While waiting in the car, Mari sees that her cell phone has no signal. She's startled by a maid, who asks her if she dropped her room key. Tired of waiting, Mari enters the room to find that Justin and Paige are smoking a joint. She's a little miffed that they didn't get her, but she sits down and smokes with them. Emma calls Mari, worried that she didnt call when she got to town. Mari reassures her that everythings fine. As the call starts to break up, Emma warns Mari that a storm is coming. Mari says that shell spend the night at Paiges house and hangs up.While getting high, Paige dances on the bed. Mari asks Justin about his family. He says that they have to keep on moving due to his father and uncle. He says that his mother is dead. Mari tells him that her brother is dead. Wanting badly to change the subject to something more upbeat, Paige says that Justin could be cute if he didn't have a Unabomber look. She has Justin wear his uncles shirt while she and Mari give him a make-over.Suddenly, Krug, Francis, and Sadie show up at the motel. Sadie immediately takes off her shirt and walks around topless, looking for a bra and clean shirt to put on. Francis sees that Justin is wearing his shirt, but has him keep it on. Seeing the two teen girls, Krug gets upset with Justin, telling him that he was not supposed to bring anyone to the motel room. Justin tells Krug that he didn't know that they would be back so soon, and says that he thought he could get rid of the weed. Krug wants Justin to stop thinking about his own needs and punches him in the stomach. He tosses a newspaper at Justin, showing him that his escape is all over the news. In the paper are pictures of Krug and Sadie, from a camera inside the cop car. Krug looks at the girls and wonders what to do with them. Mari and Paige promise not to say anything. Francis grabs Paige from behind and pulls out his knife. Mari gives Sadie the keys to her car, hoping that they won't hurt them. Krug apologizes, but he just can't risk having them leave. Paige breaks free from Francis and goes into the bathroom. She tries to use her phone, but it doesn't have a signal. She goes to the window, where she spots a police car in the parking lot. She tries to get their attention, but they don't see her. Francis breaks through the door and throws Paige down from the window, smashing her head against the sink in the process. He then breaks her phone, along with Maris. Krug forces Justin to look at Mari, telling him that hes responsible for their predicament.The gang and girls drive off in Mari's car. Francis holds onto Paige, Sadie holds onto Mari, and Krug drives with Justin in the front seat. They pass another police car on the road and the girls try to get their attention, but they are both held down. They wind up in the forest and approach the fork in the road. Krug has Francis look at the map to find where the main highway is. Mari tells them that it's on the left, and so Krug turns left. Krug and Sadie compliment Mari on being nice and civil. Mari sees that the car's cigarette lighter is directly in front of her. She pushes the lighter in with her foot while acting calm. She sees that they've passed the road where her house is. When the lighter is ready, she grabs it and burns Sadie's forehead leaving a small burn mark. Paige fights Francis while Krug tries to get everyone to calm down. Mari opens the door and tries to jump out, but Sadie holds her down. Krug winds up losing control of the car, causing them to crash into a couple of trees. Paige, wounded, gets out of the car and tries to free Mari, but Krug knocks her to the ground. Francis finds that his nose broke during the crash. He lets out his anger on the girls, kicking them around. Sadie, pissed that she's going to be scarred for life, beats up Mari. Mari tries to get Justin to help, but he just watches helplessly, too afraid to to anything. Paige and Mari try to escape again by running into the forest. Krug catches Mari before she can get far. He orders Sadie and Francis to get Paige back.Paige runs through the forest and manages to hide from them. She eventually comes across a construction site and screams for help. They can't hear her due to loud machines at work. She tries to get closer, but is tackled by Sadie. Paige kicks Sadie off her and tries to run again, but is clothes-lined by Francis. He pulls out his gun and is ready to kill her right there, but Sadie says that Krug wanted them to bring her back alive. Sadie rips off Paige's shirt and uses it to tie her hands. They make their way back to Krug, Justin, and Mari. Krug says that its time for Justin to become a man, and asks him which girl he wants. Justin refuses, and so Krug grabs hold of him and forces him to grope Mari. Paige calls Krug pathetic, which surprises him. He walks over to Paige, lifts her up, and stabs her in the stomach with a knife. Francis grabs her from behind and stabs her in the back. Krug then stabs Paige again in the stomach. He lets Mari hold Paige, who struggles to breathe. Krug wants Mari to lie to Paige, telling her that everything's going to be all right. Mari refuses. Krug throws Mari down on the ground. Sadie rips off Mari shorts and helps hold her down. Krug then pulls down Mari's panties and rapes her. Mari screams in pain and sees that Paige is dead. She begs for Justin to help her, but he continues to do nothing. During the rape, Krug rips off Mari necklace and throws it towards Justin (who puts it in his pocket). After Krug finishes, Mari puts her panties back on, degraded. Even the others, for a moment, look a little remorseful about what they've done.Krug tells Justin that he really missed out on Mari, who says that she has to swim. Mari, having picked up a rock, hits Krug in the head and runs away. Krug tries to shoot her, but misses. Mari gets to the lake and swims away. Krug tries to shoot her, but keeps on missing. Eventually Krug manages to shoot Mari in the back, causing her to stop in the lake and she sinks betheath the water. The storm arrives, and so the gang leaves. Krug has to basically force Justin to walk with them.While walking through the woods, the four of them wind up on the road leading to the Collingwoods. Emma and John have just finished dinner when they hear banging at the front door. They open to find Krug, Justin, Francis, and Sadie drenched in the rain. Claiming to be a family whose car has broken down, Krug asks the Collingswoods for them. They welcome them inside and John snaps Francis nose back in shape. Emma makes coffee for everyone and hot chocolate for Justin. Krug says that despite their car difficulties, they're lucky to have stumbled upon their house. Krug asks if they can give them a lift to town, but the Collingwoods say that their daughter has the car. Krug asks to use their phone to call a tow truck or taxi, but John doubts that anyone is going to come for them during the storm. While John stitches up Francis nose, the storm causes the power to go out. John goes outside to start the back-up generator for the house, leaving Emma alone with the guests. She asks them what they're doing out there, since she's never seen them before. Francis is ready to use his knife to kill her, but Krug says that their father used to bring them to the lake to fish. He was hoping to spend some quality time with his son Justin (who remains mostly quiet). Francis puts his knife away, and John gets the generator working.John goes back inside and finishes stitching Francis' nose, during which Francis becomes attracted to Emma. They all go into the living room, where John gets them warm by the fireplace. Justin asks to use the bathroom. Emma tells him where it is, and he goes into the kitchen to put his cup away. He's shocked to see a picture of Mari on the refrigerator. Emma walks in and says that Mari is their daughter. Justin collapses on the floor. He says that he's sick and rushes off to the bathroom. He locks the door and pulls out Mari's necklace. Krug knocks on the door, saying that Emma is worried about him. He tells Justin to get his act together and appear normal in front of the Collingwoods. During this time, we see Mari (badly wounded) making her way to the boathouse and then crawling out of the lake.John offers his guests to stay there for the night, telling them that they can stay in the guesthouse out back. Justin goes back to the kitchen and places Mari's necklace around his cup. Krug tells him to hurry up, since Emma is going to show them the guesthouse. Since there's no electricity in the guesthouse, Emma lights up a bunch of candles. She says that if they need anything, they can just come over to the main house. Krug thanks her for her hospitality. Emma goes back to the house and doesn't see Mari crawling nearby.Back inside the main house, Emma says that there's something weird about their guests, but John doesn't think much of it. They hear loud banging outside on the porch. John and Emma go outside to find that the noise is from a rocking chair. They are then shocked to find Mari there.John sees that shes been shot, and so he carries her into the living room. He heats up a knife in the fireplace and cauterizes the wound to stop the bleeding. He tells Emma to get alcohol and towels from the kitchen. While in the kitchen, Emma finds Mari's necklace wrapped around Justins cup. She realizes who her guests are. Mari is struggling to breathe, and so John turns her on the side and cuts her back. He then places a tube in the cut to help her breathe. John sees blood in her inner thigh and realizes that shes been raped. Emma tells John that their guests did this to their daughter. She saw Mari wearing the necklace before she left, and she knows Justin left it around his cup. John grows furious, and Emma asks him what theyre going to do. The nearest house is miles away, they don't have a car, and the gang is still there. John tells her that they need to be prepared to do anything. Since Mari needs a hospital, they plan on using their boat to travel there.Meanwhile, in the guesthouse, Sadie takes a shower and Krug gets ready for bed. He sees Justin sleeping on the couch in the other room. It turns out Justin is pretending to be asleep, and he starts to eye Krug's pistol. Sadie comes to bed topless and she falls asleep with Krug. With Francis asleep in a chair nearby, Justin sneaks into the bedroom and steals Krug's gun.John goes to the boathouse and gets the boat ready, but finds that the keys are missing. While looking around, he starts to eye some tools nearby. He grabs a hammer to use as a weapon to kill the guests. Emma eyes some knives in the kitchen, and then Francis suddenly shows up. He says that the lightning outside woke him up, and he was wondering if he could have something to drink. To keep him from seeing Mari's picture on the refrigerator, Emma flirts with him and says that John is passed-out upstairs. She offers some wine to Francis, and tells him to wait in the living room while she gets glasses. Francis walks into the other room and sees Mari curled up in front of the fireplace. He recognizes her and is about to panic when Emma smashes a wine bottle over his head. Enraged, he charges at her, but Emma stabs him in the chest with a butcher knife. Francis beats her up a bit and goes over to the window in the dinning room to try to warn the others in the guesthouse (but they can't hear due to the storm). John shows up and beats Francis with the hammer. He also re-breaks Francis nose. While fighting, they wind up back in the kitchen. Emma and John hold Francis head down in the sink, drowning him. While thrashing around, Francis' hand winds up in the garbage disposal. John turns it on, slicing up Francis' hand. As Francis screams in pain and tries to break free, John stabs him in the head with the hammerclaw, killing him.John and Emma sneak into the guesthouse, armed with the butcher knife and a fire poker to kill the others. They approach the bedroom and see Krug and Sadie in bed, but then see Justin sitting nearby. Justin aims the pistol at them, but then offers it to John. As quietly as he can, John slowly walks across the bedroom and is handed the pistol. When he cocks it, Sadie wakes up. John shoots at her gazing her neck, but also waking up Krug. Sadie jumps on John and fights with him for the gun as Krug throws the bed at Emma. John throws Sadie in the bathroom and then tries to shoot Krug, but he jumps out of the window and makes his way towards the house. Sadie grabs a pole from the shower and uses it to beat John up, knocking the gun out of his hands. Justin tries to help John, but is knocked out by Sadie. Emma grabs the pistol and shoots Sadie through her left eye, killing her.Krug gets to the house, somewhat confused as to why the Collingwoods are attacking them. He then looks in the living room and finds blood on the table. He walks into the kitchen and finds Francis' body. Krug gets really angry and storms off. It turns out that the Collingwoods put Mari in the boat before they went to the guesthouse. Emma stays with her while John goes to the house with the fire poker to kill Krug. John finds that his wallet has been placed on the table in front of the fireplace. Krug has seen his family photo, and knows that Mari is their daughter.Upstairs, Krug taunts John to come up and get him. Krug rolls an object on the floor and keeps moving around to throw John off. He looks outside and realizes that they're going to use the boat to escape. He opens a window and makes a loud noise, causing John to rush upstairs. Thinking Krug has escaped through the window, he tries to yell out to Emma. It turns out Krug was hiding in the room. He ambushes John, and they beat the crap out of each other. Krug kicks John through the railing on the stairs, causing him to fall to the ground floor. Krug then stands over the wounded John and asks him if he wants to know how tight his daughter was. John says that he wants to hear him beg for his life and breaks a table over Krug. After more fighting, Krug chokes John with the fire poker until he passes out. John falls to the floor and Krug prepares to stab him when he hears a gun cocked behind him. Krug turns around to find Justin aiming the gun at him. Krug can't believe it, telling him he picked a hell of a time to man up. Krug says that he's not angry, and asks for the gun. Justin pulls the trigger, but the gun is out of bullets. Enraged, Krug stabs Justin in the stomach with the fire poker. Emma comes back with a fire extinguisher and hits Krug with it. She sprays him with the hose and John beats him with the fire poker. Emma then knocks Krug out by bashing his head with the fire extinguisher. The storm clears up outside. John, Emma, Mari, and Justin all get in the boat and drive down the lake.Some time later, Krug wakes up alone to find John standing over him. Krug says that he can't move. John says that he didn't have any rope or tape to hold him, and so he made cuts all over his body to paralyze him from the neck down. Krug, helpless, asks him what he's doing. John puts Krug's head in the broken microwave and turns it on. The film ends with Krug's head exploding in the microwave.
tags: suspenseful,  cruelty,  murder,  violence,  horror,  revenge,  entertaining,  sadist, 

title: Trauma
synopsis: On a dark and rainy night, a chiropractor opens a door to let an unseen patient into her office. When the chiropractor tells the unseen person that you look familiar, the person knocks out the female chiropractor, takes out a machine-operated wire device and decapitates the woman.Several days later, David Parson is driving around Minneapolis and over a local bridge when he sees a gaunt, dark-haired teenager standing on the edge of the bridge, preparing to jump. David stops his pickup truck and helps the seemingly dazed girl back into the street where they get back into his truck and dive away. They drive to a local restaurant where the girl, speaking with a thick European accent, identifies herself as Aura Petrescu from Romania. She refuses to eat, and David suspects that she has a drug problem when he sees needle marks on her arms, and he shows her his that he too was a junkie. After eating a little bit of bread, Aura leaves for the ladies room where she vomits. After sneaking out a back window, she is grabbed by two men who take her away in a car to the home of her parents. Back inside the restaurant, David realizes that Aura has just stolen his wallet.The two men drop off Aura with her weird mother Adriana, while Aura's father, Stefan, locks her in a bedroom. That evening, many business-like people arrive at the house for a séance conducted by Adriana. While trying to summon a soul, Adriana is possessed and mentions a monster with a noose and threatens everyone with more murders to come. Adriana eventually becomes more violent and runs out of the room, followed by her husband. Aura goes after her parents, only to stumble upon a headless body and looks up to see a black-clad killer holding up the severed heads of her mother and father in the pouring rain.After making a phone call, Dr. Judd arrives where he asks Aura about what she saw. Soon, the police, led by Captain Travis, arrive to investigate the killings and question Aura about exactly what she saw. Aura gets away from the police and tracks down David, by using his ID from his stolen wallet, where she tells him about her parents murder and needs a place to stay.Meanwhile, Gabriel, a young boy, apparently lives next door to the killer when he sees an unseen person leave a decapitated head sitting by the window to stare at the boy all night.Later that same night, David awakens to find food laying all over his house and Aura vomiting in the bathroom. The following morning, David, who works as a storyboard sketch artist at a local TV station, arrives for work where he confides in his friend, Arnie, about Aura's problem. Arnie infers that Aura may have anorexia nervosa.The following night, Aura sees David and his reporter girlfriend, Grace, having sex in his bedroom. Disturbed by the sight, Aura runs out of the house, and David is forced to run after her where he's forced to tell Grace about Aura and her problems. The next day, Arnie and David watch a collection of news stories on the recent murders and realized that they all occurred when it was raining. David receives a phone call from Aura who has been taken away. He learns from an apparent covetous Grace that she told Dr. Judd of Aura's whereabouts. David angrily breaks up with Grace and tells her that Aura witnessed the murder of her parents and that the killer may come after her.Meanwhile, Dr. Judd tries to help Aura remember what she may have seen the night her parents were murdered, but he is unsuccessful at extracting any more details. As night falls, David visits the Faraday Clinic where he sneaks in and attempts to find Aura. But the unseen killer has followed him there and forces his way in as well and decapitates one of the clinics doctors. David helps Aura escape and they hide out at his house. Aura reveals that she had stolen a set of keys form the murdered doctor and a key chain as the word 'Marigold' inscribed on it.The next day, David and Aura follow the source of the keys which leads to a local storage locker where they manage to find a photograph of several doctors before the police arrive to confiscate the stuff in the locker which they add up to another murder victim of the so-called Head Hunter. Meanwhile, one of the doctors, named Linda Quick, is telling her girlfriend about the recent murders and that she and the doctors were involved several years ago in an accident involving electro convulsive therapy and something awful. David phones her to ask about the murdered doctors, and Linda immediately hangs up. David and Aura go to visit Linda, but the frightened Linda speeds away in her car. David and Aura drive around looking for her when they finally see the car parked in a motel parking lot. Linda's girlfriend, still at the house, receives a call from Linda and writes down Linda's hotel room number. But the killer arrives and kills Linda's girlfriend and sees from the notepad where Linda is.While David and Aura stake out the motel, the killer arrives, triggers the building sprinkler system (for the rain effect), breaks into Linda's room and beheads her too. David arrives too late to find Linda's decapitated body, but the killer has fled before taking Linda's head with him. The severed head of Linda manages to whisper to David the name Lloyd before expiring. David sees and takes a medical bag of Linda's displaying the name St. Bartholomew Hospital.David goes to the hospital, but learns that Dr. Lloyd no longer works here. David finds Dr. Lloyd living on the streets as a junkie drug dealer. Lloyd becomes frightened when David tells him about the recent murders, and refuses to talk with him. David gives Lloyd his phone number and tells him to call if he needs him. Before long, the killer finds Lloyd by tailing him back to a derelict warehouse where Lloyd resides. The killer attacks Lloyd in the same way as with the previous victims by hitting him in the back of the neck with a hammer, and attempts to decapitate Lloyd with the wire device, but the wire snaps. So, the killer is forced to drag Lloyd's still-living, but imobilized body to an elevator shaft and allows a decending elevator car to decapitate Lloyd. Lloyd's severed head falls down the elevator shaft. A little later, the police arrive to investigate the crime scene and discover David's phone number on a note.That night, Dr. Judd arrives at David's house where he tries to persuade Aura to leave with him. David wakes up and a struggle ensures, but Judd runs when the cops arrive to arrest David in connection to Lloyd's murder. Judd speeds away and the police give chase, but his car runs off the road and into a tree. The car truck pops open and inside are all the missing severed heads. Before dying from his injuries, Dr. Judd whispers to a policeman, I loved her. David is released and runs back to his house to find Aura gone and note declaring I've gone to join my mother. David finds her nightgown by the lake next to his house and is very distraught thinking that Aura has just drowned herself.With the death of Dr. Judd and the discovery of the severed heads, the Headhunter Murders are considered solved, but David goes into a decline over his loss of Aura. Over the next few days, David resumes his own drug use. Disheartened, he becomes addicted more to prescription drugs. He attempts to feign a prescription, but gets found out and is punched by a pharmacist when he refuses to return the pills. While sitting down on a sidewalk, David sees a person walk by who he believes is wearing Aura's bracelet. David follows the unseen person to a house which is the killer's. Gabriel, standing outside, tells David that he saw someone in a black coat go into the house.David knocks on the front door and says to the unseen person who answers: Sorry, I thought you were someone else. Believing that he has seen Aura reflected in a rain barrel, David crawls though an open window on the side of the house. He enters a child's room with the name of Nicholas written everywhere where he finds a decomposed baby with its severed head in a crib. David is knocked out. He awakens in the basement chained up to a wall with Aura by his side. David soon learns that Aura's mother is still alive.Adriana arrives where she tells David that many years ago, while she was giving birth to her son, her newborn infant was accidentally decapitated by Dr. Lloyd who froze during a blackout in the delivery room during a sudden rainstorm. In an effort to make Adriana forget the horrible accident, and to cover it up, Dr. Lloyd and all the other nurses subjected Adriana to excessive electro-shock therapy. But the process only made Adriana insane and filled with her a resolve to kill all those doctors in the same way her baby was killed. David uses his chains to restrain the gated cage door, and Adriana forces it open with a fireplace poker, in which a support pillar tears open part of the ceiling. Standing above them is Gabriel, who jumps down and uses Adriana's portable wire saw to decapitate Adriana.
tags: avant garde,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: The Evil Dead
synopsis: Five Michigan State University students — Ash Williams (Bruce Campbell), his girlfriend Linda (Betsy Baker), Ash's sister Cheryl (Ellen Sandweiss), their friend Scotty, and his girlfriend Shelly—venture into rural Tennessee to vacation in an isolated cabin for their spring break. They soon run into trouble, with Scotty nearly colliding with a truck, then barely getting the group to safety when the bridge leading to the cabin starts to collapse. That night, while Cheryl is sketching an old clock, when she notices it stopping. She hears a faint, demonic voice outside her window say join us. After she shrugs it off, her hand becomes possessed, causing her to draw a picture that looks like a book with a deformed, evil face. Unsure of what happened and what to do, she decides not to mention the incident to the others.
When the trapdoor to the cellar mysteriously flies open during dinner, Ash and Scotty go down to investigate and find the Naturom Demonto, a Sumerian version of the Egyptian Book of the Dead, along with a tape recorder belonging to the archeologist who owned it. When Scotty plays it, the archeologist's voice recites a series of incantations, resurrecting a mysterious, demonic entity. Cheryl becomes increasingly hysterical and locks herself in her room. Later, she hears strange voices and goes outside to investigate. Meanwhile, Ash gives Linda a silver necklace, which she absolutely loves. Cheryl is then attacked and raped by demonically possessed trees, but manages to escape. Unable to convince the others of what happened, she asks Ash to take her into town for the night. However, Ash soon discovers that the bridge has been destroyed. Back at the cabin, Ash listens to more of the tape, learning that the only way to kill the entity is to dismember it when it possesses a host. Cheryl succumbs to the entity and attacks the others, stabbing Linda in the ankle with a pencil before Scotty is able to force her into the cellar.
Shelly becomes possessed as well, forcing Scotty to chop up her body with an axe and bury the remains. Shaken by the experience, he leaves to find a way back to town. When Ash goes to check on Linda, he is horrified to find that she has already begun to turn. A badly-injured Scotty staggers into the cabin and dies of his wounds, having been attacked by the trees. While Ash tries to figure out what to do, both Linda and Cheryl pretend to be cured, only to quickly revert to their demonic forms. Ash locks Linda outside, but she returns and tries to stab him before he impales her with a dagger. He tries to cut up her remains with a chainsaw, but can't bring himself to do so, and ends up burying her instead. When he reaches for her necklace on the ground, she escapes again trying to kill him. Ash decapitates her with a shovel, and her headless body bleeds all over Ash's face as it tries to rape him before he escapes. Back in the cabin, he quickly realizes that Cheryl has forced open the trapdoor. After wounding her with a shotgun, he heads to the basement for more ammunition. There, the entity tortures him by dousing him with blood from a pipe, while more blood seeps from the walls and ceilings.
Scotty is revived as a demon and attacks Ash when he goes back upstairs, while Cheryl savagely beats him with a fireplace poker. Ash gets his hands on the book with Linda's necklace, and throws it into the fireplace. As the book burns, Scotty and Cheryl begin to gruesomely decompose and their blood sprays all over Ash as he stares in horror and disgust. After Scotty and Cheryl are dead, Ash hears the voice of the demons telling him Join Us. As the voice dies away as well, Ash grabs Linda's necklace in gratitude.
Covered in blood, Ash stumbles outside as the sun begins to rise. Before he can get in his car to leave, the entity attacks him from behind where he lets out a final scream before the film cuts abruptly to the ending credits.
tags: dark,  comedy,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  action,  tragedy,  entertaining,  sadist, 

title: Hollow Man
synopsis: This film is loosely based on H. G. Wells' The Invisible Man, with Dr. Sebastian Caine (actor Kevin Bacon) taking the place of Doctor Jack Griffin (actor Claude Rains) and updates the story to the 20th Century. In this version of Wells' story, the doctor is a brilliant, but megalomaniacal, molecular biologist, and is working on an invisibility serum for the U.S. military, as well as a serum that will return the subject back to visibility. Sebastian has been attempting to perfect the formula for the last four years, and he conducts his experiments on animals kept inside a top-secret hidden military lab accessible only to him and his staff. His current project is reversing the invisibility effect on his test subject, a female gorilla named Isabelle. Working late one night on re-configuring the molecular model of the irradiated protein that will restore Isabelle to visibility, he solves the problem and immediately reports his success to the top members of his staff.Although work on the serum occupies nearly all of his waking hours, Sebastian becomes obsessed with his ex-girlfriend Dr. Linda McKay (Elisabeth Shue), who is a scientist on his team. Unbeknownst to him, she has become involved with Dr. Matt Kensington (Josh Brolin), another member of their research group. Sebastian and his colleagues, who also include veterinarians Sarah Kennedy (Kim Dickens) and Carter Abbey (Greg Grunberg), and technicians Frank Chase (Joey Slotnick) and Janice Walton (Mary Randle), eventually enable the serum to work on the gorilla. In celebration, the team goes out for a fancy dinner, where Sebastian makes a toast to the greatest research group in the world. To Sebastian, however, it feels like the end as reversion was the last big breakthrough.Instead of reporting his success to the military, Sebastian inexplicably lies to the oversight committee including his old teacher Dr. Howard Kramer (William Devane), and talks Linda and Matt into lying to the other four and going right into human testing. The subject: Sebastian, himself. Despite a painful shift to transparency, the procedure is successful. After being unconscious for about 17 hours due to shock, Sebastian wakes up in pain, and recoiling from the ambient light, realizing that he can see through his eyelids. He then conducts some clinical tests on himself. But when it comes time to return to visibility after three days, the reversion fails and almost kills him.The researchers construct a latex mask for the scientist to wear around the lab, crudely approximating a human appearance. During this time, Matt discovers a promising way to make Sebastian visible again. A computer simulation, however, fails. Over the next several days, isolation and virtual imprisonment in the lab begin to wear on Sebastian's patience. Disobeying Carter and his own rules, he heads back to his apartment to grabs some books, CDs and Twinkies to take back to the lab. There, temptation gets the best of him, and he first spies on his neighbor (Rhona Mitra), and then rapes her, while fully invisible. Linda shows up at the apartment and finds the mask and clothes, but no Sebastian.Sebastian returns to the lab just as the others were planning to go after him. Linda warns him that if he leaves again, she and Matt will tell Dr. Kramer what they did. Ignoring their threat, he assembles a device that runs a video loop of his heat signature in his quarters; the repeating image fools Frank into believing that Sebastian is still in the lab, when, in fact, he is out spying on Linda and Matt.Sebastian is furious that Matt and Linda are together, and smashes their bedroom window. The two call Frank, who tells them that Sebastian is still in bed. Meanwhile, an enraged Sebastian returns to the lab, frustrated and angered at the thought of Linda and Matt together. Unable to stand the annoying barking of an invisible dog, Sebastian approaches the dog, reassuring it that he means it no harm, then kills it with his bare hands by brutally smashing it against the cage wall. The team soon discover that they have been watching a recording and that Sebastian has been leaving without their knowledge.Linda and Matt go to Dr. Kramer's house and confess about their experiments with Sebastian. Dr. Kramer is disappointed, and tells them that they are fired from the project. Dr. Kramer then attempts to call the military and inform them about Sebastian, but Sebastian has actually followed Linda and Matt to the house. Sebastian tricks Kramer into leaving the house and then drowns him in his own swimming pool.The next day, Sebastian waits until all of the team is in the lab and then disables the phones and all of the elevator codes except for his own. He removes his clothing and latex mask and, invisible, begins to hunt them all down. Janice falls behind while the team searches for Sebastian and he strangles her with an IV line and stuffs her body in a locker.Linda, Matt, Sarah, Carter, and Frank learn what Sebastian is up to, realizing that they are the only ones who know what he has become, and therefore he is planning to kill them all. Linda, Sarah, and Frank hide in the lab while Matt and Carter take tranquilizer guns to go hunting for Sebastian in the empty hallways using thermographic imaging goggles. Matt shoots at a heat signature that turns out to be from a steam vent. When Matt turns around, Carter has been yanked into the air by Sebastian, who is on top of a pipe. Matt tries to shoot him, but Sebastian throws Carter down toward a steel bar, which cuts his carotid artery, causing massive blood loss. Sebastian almost kills Matt, but Linda drags him to safety.Sarah and Frank find the barely conscious and severely injured Carter. Sarah runs to the freezer to get blood for a transfusion, despite Frank's wishes. There, Sebastian corners her. She splashes the blood all over the room, rendering him visible, however, Sebastian tackles her and shoots her with her tranquilizer dart, then breaks her neck.Linda and Matt find Frank tending to a dying Carter. Carter bleeds to death and the three go to find Sarah. They find her dead in the walk-in freezer. Frank sprays a fire extinguisher to expose Sebastian, but Sebastian comes from behind impales Frank with a crowbar. He then stabs Matt with the hook end, however non-fatally. Sebastian locks Linda and Matt in the freezer, turns the temperature control all the way down and leaves them to freeze to death.Sebastian puts on his latex mask and clothing, spending much time to ensure he looks near-human. Meanwhile, Linda dresses Matt's wound with duct tape and then works out a way to escape from the freezer. Linda constructs an electromagnet using a defibrillator and other lab equipment, and uses it to open the door. She lights a fire to warm Matt and gathers the parts needed for a flamethrower. Sebastian goes to the lab and produces nitroglycerin to blow up the lab. He puts the nitro in a centrifuge, starts a timer and destroys the keyboard, so it can't be stopped. Just as he is entering the elevator to leave, Linda appears and fires her crude blowtorch at him. His latex mask and clothes burning away, Sebastian barely manages to escape the flames. Linda uses the flamethrower to start the ceiling sprinklers, partially revealing him. The two fight; just as she is about to lose, Matt appears and hits Sebastian with the crowbar. Sebastian recovers, but while wet, he swings the crowbar and connects with a fuse box, electrocuting himself. As the electricity courses through his body, Sebastian is rendered partially visible: his muscles, bones, and organs can be seen, but his skin and what's left of his hair remain invisible.Linda and Matt find the nitro about to explode, and decide to abandon the lab, climbing up the elevator shaft. The lab explodes filling the shaft with fire. The two are almost out when Sebastian appears. He fights with Linda, and kisses her one last time for old time's sake before she finally kills him by grabbing the elevator cable and knocking the car loose, sending Sebastian plummeting into the inferno below. Eventually, both Linda and Matt emerge from the burning laboratory, and medics whisk them away in an ambulance.
tags: comedy,  suspenseful,  boring,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  psychedelic,  action,  romantic,  revenge, 

title: Strait-Jacket
synopsis: Various flashbacks and images introduce Lucy Harbin [Joan Crawford], a young woman who comes home unexpectedly to find her husband in bed with another woman. Carol, their very young daughter, is in bed right in the next room, but she is awake. Heartbroken, Lucy suffers a moment of fury and confusion that leads her to spontaneously pick up a nearby axe and decapitate her husband and his lover while they sleep. Carol watches in terror and shock as Lucy hacks the two bodies to pieces. Lucy is declared insane and sent to an asylum, where she endures traumatic shock treatments for her mental breakdown.The narrator of the flashback is revealed to be Carol, now a young woman. It is twenty years later, and Carol is opening up about her past to her boyfriend, Michael Fields. After Lucy's incarceration, Carol was taken in by her aunt and uncle, Bill and Emily, and the family lives on a farm in a rural location. Carol is revealing the family history to Michael because Lucy is being released from the asylum, and is coming to live with the family. When Lucy arrives, she is skittish. She cautiously acclimates to the farm, exploring the area with Carol and meeting the gritty-looking farm hand, Krause. But she is clearly thrilled to see Carol again, and is touched by the lovely young woman Carol has become. Carol is a sculptress and has a spacious studio filled with her work, and she thrills Lucy by giving her a bust of herself just as she was in her youth.Things quickly start to get strange. Carol shocks Lucy by presenting her with two bracelets she used to wear when she was a young woman, large dangling charm bracelets that jangle when she walks. Carol seems intent on recreating Lucy as a young woman, taking her clothes shopping and buying her a wig that mimics the hairstyle she wore the last time Carol saw her. Lucy is uncomfortable with this, but agrees to dress this way to please her daughter, whom she desperately wants to make amends with. While they are in the wig shop, Lucy hears strange voices, as if children are singing a morbid nursery rhyme about her crimes. She dismisses it as nerves. Later, she suffers a terrible nightmare and wakes up to discover two bloody heads in bed with her, with a bloody axe lying nearby. When she wakes the others, the items are gone from her room. Lucy starts to think she is relapsing.Things get worse when Carol attempts to introduce Michael to her mother. When Michael stops by for drinks, Lucy seems to try and seduce him, all with Carol right there in the room. The embarassing scene is interrupted by Lucy's former psychiatrist, Dr. Anderson, who makes an unexpected visit. When he sees how unstable Lucy seems, Dr. Anderson makes comments to the family that suggest he would like to take Lucy back to the hospital. When the doctor gets Lucy alone, his comments upset her and she runs off. As Dr. Anderson searches for her around the farm, he enters the darkened barn and a shadowy figure corners him--it appears to be Lucy, the silhouette revealing her hairstyle and figure, right down to the jangling bracelets she wears. The figure is holding an axe, and quickly decapitates Dr. Anderson.Carol returns to the farmhouse to find her mother alone in the darkened living room. The doctor's car is still outside, and Carol quickly comes to the conclusion that her mother has killed him. In a panic, Carol drives the doctor's car into a barn and locks it in, but she is spotted by Krause, who is lurking the shadows. The next day, Carol sees Krause painting the car a different color and angrily confronts him, but he smugly suggests that he knows what happened to the doctor, and that he'll turn Lucy in to the authorities if Carol fires him. Lucy overhears the conversation from the window. Later that evening, Krause is stalked and murdered with the axe.Lucy prepares for an evening that she dreads, a dinner party intended to introduce her to Michael's parents. If Michael and Carol are to be married, these will be their in-laws, and Michael's family is very wealthy, his father being the proprietor of a very successful dairy farm. Lucy has a panic attack in the powder room while at the Fields'--after spilling coffee on her dress, she retreats to the washroom and suffers a flashback because of the wallpaper, which resembles the bars of a prison cell. Carol calms her down and takes her back to the party. Mr. & Mrs. Fields are cordial until they plot to get Lucy alone so they can have a private conversation with her: Mrs. Fields is suspicious of Lucy, and poor Lucy makes a terrible misstep by revealing to Mr. & Mrs. Fields that her daughter and Michael are planning to be married. The Fields had not been informed of this yet, and they react disapprovingly. Mrs. Fields in particular gets very haughty with Lucy, making suggestions about her past, and Lucy suddenly snaps at her, revealing that she was in an asylum for twenty years. She says that under no circumstances will she allow the Fields' to interfere with her daughter's happiness, and she storms out of the house.Michael drives Emily and Carol back to their house while he and Bill go out looking for Lucy, who has disappeared. Emily sends Carol to bed, but Carol is restless and cannot sleep. With Michael gone from the Fields' house, Mr. and Mrs. Fields are alone in their house and they hear sounds to suggest someone is prowling around. Mr. Fields is oblivious, but when he goes into his closet to get undressed for the evening, he is attacked by the figure of Lucy, brandishing an axe. Mrs. Fields becomes suspicious and goes looking for her husband, eventually finding his body in the dressing room. Horrified, she retreats, only to be confronted by the figure of Lucy in the bedroom. Before the axe can fall, the bedroom door opens and the real Lucy comes in; after scuffling with the other figure, Lucy tears off a mask to reveal her daughter's face underneath. Carol has been committing the murders while dressing as her mother; scarred by witnessing the double homicide committed by her mother, Carol's mind was unstable ever since. Certain that Mr. and Mrs. Fields would never allow Michael to marry her without a great deal of trouble, she plotted to make it appear as if Lucy murdered them in a rage, which would send Lucy back to the asylum and allow her to marry Michael. Her mind shattered, Carol clutches the mask of her mother and screams at it I hate you! I hate you! Oh I'm sorry, I love you! I hate you! I love you! Outside on the porch, Lucy hears her daughter's insane ravings and weeps, perhaps remembering her own moment of insanity.An epilogue reveals Lucy discussing her plans with Bill. With Carol now committed to an asylum just as she once was, Lucy intends to stand by her daughter and be whatever kind of support that she needs.
tags: dark,  neo noir,  murder,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  revenge, 

title: The Amityville Horror
synopsis: In 1974, Ronald DeFeo, Jr. murdered his family at their house at 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York. He claimed that he was persuaded to kill them by voices he heard in the house.
One year later, married couple George and Kathy Lutz move into the house along with Kathy's three children from a previous marriage, Billy, Michael, and Chelsea. The family soon begins experiencing paranormal events in the house. Chelsea claims that she has befriended a girl named Jodie, a name belonging to one of the murdered DeFeo children.
One night the couple decide to go out, and they hire a babysitter to watch the three kids. When the babysitter, Lisa, arrives, they come to find out that she had previously been hired to babysit for the DeFeos. Lisa tells them about the murders that took place in their house. When she goes to Chelsea's room, Chelsea tells her that she is a bad babysitter, claiming that Jodie told her so. Lisa begins to scold Jodie for being the reason behind her getting fired. Then Billy dares Lisa to go inside the closet (the same closet where Jodie was murdered), and she gets locked inside. After a few seconds she encounters Jodie herself, and begs to be let out. She goes into shock and the paramedics arrive to take her away; on the way to the hospital, Lisa tells Kathy that she had seen Jodie.
George's behavior towards Kathy and her children becomes abusive and the paranormal activity continues. Kathy asks priest Father Callaway (Philip Baker Hall) to bless the house, as a protective measure to prevent any future paranormal incidents, but Father Callaway flees the house when he encounters such occurrences himself. Kathy discovers that the house once belonged to a cult preacher named Reverend Jeremiah Ketcham, whose evil actions towards Native Americans during his mission in 17th century Amityville are said to be the cause of the haunting at 112 Ocean Avenue. Meanwhile, George, as he is walking through the basement of the house, encounters the apparitions of the various Indians who were tortured and killed there by Ketcham centuries ago. Entering a dimly-lit room, George encounters Ketcham himself (though he is not aware of who he is), and the ghostly figure of the evil missionary turns around, picks up a knife, and slits his throat in an act of recreating his suicide, covering George with blood, and causing him to become nearly completely possessed.
Kathy becomes convinced that George's abusive behavior is owed to a spiritual possession. Following urgent advice from Father Callaway, Kathy tries to evacuate her children from the house and escort them to safety, but the possessed George attempts to kill her and the children; Kathy knocks him out to prevent him from doing so and transports him away from the residence. Subsequently, George is released from the spirit's control and the family permanently leaves the house. A title card states that the family left within 28 days of arriving and never returned. Jodie is shown standing in the now empty house and screaming in terror while the house rearranges itself. Subsequently, she is pulled beneath the floor by a pair of disembodied hands.
tags: insanity,  horror,  murder, 

title: Jaws
synopsis: Late one night, on one of the many beaches of Amity Island off the coast of New England, a group of teenagers throw a bonfire party. Chrissie Watkins (Susan Backlinie), a beautiful blonde, catches the eye of partygoer Tom Cassidy (Jonathan Filley) and leads him away from the group to go skinny-dipping with her in the ocean. Tom, quite drunk, passes out on the beach before he can even undress, but Chrissy, undeterred, strips down and dives into the surf.As Chrissy swims further from the shoreline, she pauses to tread water. Ominous music plays as an unseen creature notices Chrissy's paddling legs from beneath the water's surface and begins to approach her. Chrissy is quickly attacked by the creature, who grabs hold of her leg and violently drags her underwater. Her screams for help go unheard, and eerie silence follows her submergence.The surrounding community of Amity is preparing for the upcoming Independence Day weekend, their most financially beneficial point of the year. The community depends on tourism as a major source of economic support and waits eagerly for each summer to arrive when herds of mainlanders come to savor Amity's shores. Martin Brody (Roy Scheider), Amity's Chief of Police, receives a call at home regarding Chrissie Watkins' disappearance. Following the report made by Tom Cassidy that she was last seen off the coast, Brody goes to the beach with his deputy Jeff Hendricks (Jeffrey Kramer) to search for clues. Hendricks soon stumbles upon the segmented remains of Chrissie, washed up on the shore and being feasted upon by crabs.Back at the police station, Brody receives a call from the coroner (Robert Nevin) , who determines that Chrissie Watkins was the victim of a shark attack. Fearing for the safety of Amity's many swimmers, Brody immediately prepares to close the beaches until further investigations can be made. His intentions are quickly noticed by Mayor Larry Vaughn (Murray Hamilton) who, fearing for the income loss that would result from closing the beach at such a pivotal point in the summer, attempts to convince Brody that a shark attack is too hasty a conclusion, and pressures Brody and the coroner to change the Chrissie's official cause of death to being cut up by a boat propeller. Brody remains dedicated to the safety of Amity's citizens and tourists, regardless of the financial toll the town might endure. However, Vaughn prevents him from closing the beaches just yet.Over the next few days, ferryloads of tourists arrive on Amity's shores. The beaches are crowded each day, and Brody is extremely anxious that there will be another attack. As Brody and his wife Ellen (Lorraine Gary) sit in the sand, Brody intently scans the shoreline for any sign of trouble. A ways down the beach, young Alex Kitner (Jeffrey Voorhees) asks his mother for permission to go swimming. Though Mrs. Kitner (Lee Fierro) notes that her son's fingers are starting to prune from the time he has already spent in the water that day, she allows him ten more minutes. Alex and his yellow raft enter the ocean one last time before Alex is attacked by what is unmistakably an enormous shark. The other swimmers panic and rush out of the water, while the bloodied and shredded remains of Alex Kitner's raft wash up in the surf. Mrs. Kitner calls out desperately for her son, unaware that he has just been killed.With dozens of witnesses to Alex Kitner's gruesome death, the presence of a shark in Amity waters is certain and Brody is finally permitted to close the beaches. Alex's grieving mother issues a $3000 reward to anyone who can catch the shark that killed her son, and a town meeting is held to discuss the official shark problem. While Brody explains that the police department is expanding their efforts to keep the beaches safe and bringing in a shark expert from the Oceanographic Institute to assist them, most of the assembled townspeople are simply angry about the beaches being closed, although Mayor Vaughn assures them it will only be for 24 hours. The chatter is quelled by Sam Quint (Robert Shaw), an eccentric and roughened local fisherman who guarantees the capture and slaughter of the offending shark for the price of $10,000. Though his offer is not accepted at that point, Quint seems confident that the job will fall to him eventually.With Mrs. Kitner's reward made public, scores of amateur shark hunters crowd Amity's docks. Two local men make a clumsy attempt to lure the shark with a pork roast, which results in one of them nearly being the shark's third victim. Arriving at the same time as the horde of overconfident fishermen is Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss), the shark expert from the Oceanographic Institute hired by the Amity police. After meeting with Brody, Hooper is allowed to view the remains of Chrissie Watkins. Hooper, visibly shaken after examining the mangled body parts, assures Brody that a shark was responsible. More specifically, a Great White.The town breathes a sigh of relief when the corpse of a large tiger shark is hung on the docks, having been caught by some of the contending fishermen. Brody is initially elated, believing the nightmare to be over, until Hooper examines the mouth of the beast and determines that its bite radius did not match the wounds on Chrissie Watkins' body, and therefore was likely not the shark they were seeking. Hooper attempts to convince Mayor Vaughn to keep the beaches closed until an autopsy on the shark can be completed and the contents of its stomach can be analyzed for human remains, but Vaughn impatiently dismisses his pleas.The crowd falls silent as Mrs. Kitner arrives, clad in black and choking back tears, presumably returning from her son's funeral. She approaches Brody and slaps him across the face, furiously accusing him of keeping the beaches open despite having prior knowledge that there was a man-eating shark in the water. She makes clear her belief that Brody was largely responsible for Alex's death. Brody's determination to find the killer shark only increases.As Brody attempts to unwind at home, Hooper visits the house to share his thoughts on the shark situation. When Ellen Brody asks about his background, Hooper explains that he had been fascinated by sharks ever since he was a boy and remains just as enthusiastic about studying them. Hooper theorizes that Amity may have a rogue shark, in its waters, which will likely remain until its food source is entirely gone. Brody and Hooper decide to examine the stomach contents of the tiger shark, and proceed to the docks. Hooper slices open the shark and finds nothing to conform that it had eaten anything other than fish, tin cans, and a license plate within the last several days. Hooper once again confirms that the shark responsible for the killings would have a much larger bite radius than the tiger shark, and believes that the only shark species that would meet that criteria is the Great White.Continuing their investigation that night, Hooper takes Brody onto his boat to do some reconnaissance on the water. Brody, who faces an additional source of stress within the shark case due to his fear of the water, drinks heavily before setting foot on the vessel. Using sonar equipment, Hooper locates a large object a good distance away from the shoreline. Brody recognizes it as the boat of Ben Gardner (Craig Kingsbury), a local fisherman. Hooper decides to investigate the half-submerged craft, despite Brody's protests, and dons his scuba gear before entering the water. Hooper discovers a large hole in the hull of the boat, and finds an enormous tooth embedded in the side. While examining the tooth, Hooper is horrified to see the corpse of Ben Gardner floating out of the hull, one of his eyes missing. Hooper drops the tooth and rushes to the surface.Brody and Hooper make yet another attempt to reason with Mayor Vaughn, hoping their discoveries from the previous night will make a difference. Vaughn, however, still stubbornly ignores their words and states that even with the evidence of Ben Gardner's ravaged boat, there is no proof that a shark is responsible. Hooper explains that he pulled a shark tooth the size of a shotglass out of the hull of Gardner's boat, but Vaughn merely insults and dismisses him once again since Hooper cannot produce the tooth he dropped in the water.Independence Day weekend finally arrives along with plenty of tourists, but the beachgoers are made uneasy by the numerous police boats patrolling the water for the shark. Vaughn is concerned that no one is swimming, and asks a personal friend in attendance to enter the water, along with his wife and grandchildren, to put everyone's minds at ease. The man and his family reluctantly and warily obey, and others begin to relax and follow suit.Brody is aiding with shark patrol, while Ellen and their two young sons remain on the beach. When Brody's elder son Michael (Chris Rebello) wishes to take his boat out into the water with one of his friends, Brody asks him to take it into the adjacent estuary just to be safe. While complaining that the pond is for old ladies, Michael reluctantly agrees. In the meantime, a dorsal fin appears among the swimmers in the main water, and panic ensues. The crowd scrambles back onto the beach, only to learn that the shark was merely a cardboard fin and two boys in snorkel gear playing a prank.The beachgoers begin to relax, but a young woman overlooking the water sees the unmistakable form of a huge shark making its way into the estuary, where Michael and his friend are sailing. The woman's cry is first dismissed as another prank, but when Ellen reminds her husband that their son is in the pond, Brody goes to investigate. Michael and his friend are approached by a man in a rowboat (Ted Grossman), presumably the friend's father, who is instructing them on their knotting techniques, when both vessels are suddenly capsized by the shark. All three of the startled sailors surface, and Michael watches in paralyzed horror as the man fails to reach his rowboat before the shark attacks him and rips him apart.Michael and his friend are brought safely to shore, though Michael is taken to the hospital to be treated for shock. Brody confronts Vaughn once again and puts his foot down, demanding that real action must be taken to deal with the shark. Vaughn, for once, is vulnerable and shaken, realizing that his own children were on the beach that day as well. He finally relents and gives Brody full permission to do all that is necessary to stop the shark.Brody seeks out Quint and promptly hires him to catch the shark for $10,000. Though Quint desires to complete the mission alone, Brody insists that he and Hooper will go as well. There is instant tension between Quint and Hooper, with Quint seeing Hooper as a naive college boy with no real shark-hunting experience, and Hooper seeing Quint as a reckless thrill-seeker. Though Hooper proves himself a perfectly capable sailor, the tension remains as the three men embark on their voyage in Quint's boat, the Orca.Once out to sea, the men set about attracting the shark by ladling chum off the stern of the boat. Quint attaches a line of piano wire to a sturdy rod secured against a specially-designed fishing chair on the deck. After hours of waiting, the wire goes taut and Quint believes the shark has finally shown up. The shark swims under the boat until the piano wire snaps, proving the immense strength of the beast they are up against.As the voyage presses on with no further sign of the shark, Brody grumpily ladles more chum off the back of the boat, while Quint continues to show his disdain for Hooper. Without warning, the massive head of a Great White shark emerges from the water for a moment, and we get our first good look at the size of the fish. Brody is stunned and alerts Quint. Hooper notices the shark beginning to circle the boat, and Quint rushes out for a look. He estimates the shark is 25 feet long, and weighs three tons. After barking a few orders to Brody and Hooper, Quint begins to fire harpoons tied to plastic barrels, intended to both slow the shark down and act as visible tracking devices. Though Quint manages to hit the shark with three harpoons, the barrels have no effect and the shark easily pulls them underwater. Just in time, Hooper manages to attach a technological tracking device to the beast before it disappears again.That night, the men have dinner and drinks below deck and Hooper surprisingly begins to bond with Quint as they compare tattoos and scars. Brody notices that Quint has had a tattoo removed. The mood suddenly darkens as Quint admits that the former tattoo represented the US Navy cruiser Indianapolis. Quint, aboard that ship in World War II when it was sunk by torpedoes, had witnessed the deaths of roughly 800 men that day, many of whom were eaten by sharks as they struggled helplessly in the water. Quint's eerie retelling of the disaster confirms how his hatred for sharks began, and reveals his guilt at being one of the mere 300 sailors who survived the sinking of the Indianapolis. After the solemnity of Quint's story, the three men sing a rowdy sea shanty to lighten the mood, but are interrupted by the returning shark violently knocking into their boat, causing it to begin leaking. Quint rushes on deck and fires at the three telltale barrels, but the shark escapes once again.The next day, the men attempt to repair the boat, with limited success. Seawater has contaminated the fuel, and the thick clouds of smoke belching from the ship's exhaust pipe are a sign of engine damage. When the shark returns, Quint, waiting and ready, instructs Hooper to grab the barrels with a hook and secure them to the stern. Hooper succeeds, and Quint attempts to drag the shark by powering the boat to full throttle, but the shark uses its immense strength to pull the boat in the opposite direction, nearly capsizing it and causing further structural damage before Quint cuts the ropes attached to the boat. The shark breaks free from the barrels and submerges again. Quint demonstrates the extent of his mad vengeance against sharks by destroying the radio which Brody was attempting to use to call for help. The shark begins to chase the boat, and Quint steers back toward land at full speed, dismissing Hooper's protests that he is overtaxing the already damaged engine. When the engine inevitably fails, the three men are trapped on a sinking boat with no means of propulsion and no radio. Quint offers life jackets to the other men, though he takes none for himself.Running out of options, Hooper resorts to putting on his scuba gear and having Quint and Brody lower him into the water inside a shark cage, his aim being to inject the shark with poison using a harpoon syringe. The cage proves to be no match for the shark, who attacks Hooper with such ferocity that he drops the harpoon and is forced to hide in a reef while his cage is being destroyed. Brody and Quint haul up the remains of the shark cage, sans Hooper, and assume him to be dead. They barely have time to process the notion before the shark leaps from the water like a breaching whale and lands most of its body on the sinking stern of the boat. Quint and Brody hang on to the cabin for dear life as the boat is upended, the shark's gaping mouth at the bottom of the drop. Quint ultimately loses his grip and, despite Brody's endeavors to pull him to safety, slides into the mouth of the shark and is devoured. The shark, with Quint's corpse in its mouth, slides back into the water.Horrified, and believing himself to be the only survivor of this seemingly doomed mission, Brody hastily enters the cabin of the rapidly sinking boat and finds one of Hooper's pressurized air tanks. The shark smashes through the side of the boat, mere feet away from Brody, whose attempts to drive it off by beating it with the tank result in the tank becoming lodged in the shark's mouth before the beast swims away again.With little more than the boat's mast above water now, Brody climbs to the top of the mast with a rifle in his hand. Now possessing some of Quint's courage and madness, Brody begins to fire at the approaching shark, hoping to hit the air tank in its mouth. At last, Brody hits his mark. The tank explodes, taking the shark with it, and Brody laughs maniacally as blood and shark meat rain down around him into the sea.Moments later, Hooper finally surfaces, alive and well. The two men celebrate the end of their adventure with a weak chuckle before assembling a makeshift raft and paddling back to Amity's shore.
tags: horror,  cult,  suspenseful,  violence,  prank, 

title: Carrie
synopsis: The film begins in the locker-room fill of teenage girls, including Carrie White (Sissy Spacek). Carrie gets her first period, and after becoming distressed, cries out for help. Instead of helping, the other girls ridicule and harass her, throwing out tampons, sanitary towels and toilet paper to her. Teacher Miss Collins (Betty Buckley) rushes in to stop the commotion. White, who appears to be bottling extreme rage, snaps a light bulb. After questioning Carrie, Miss Collins realizes that Carrie is unaware of the concept of menstruation. Because of this, Miss Collins asks the school principal to excuse Carrie from gym class for a week because of the trauma. Upon her way home, Carrie uses her recently discovered telekinesis to stop a boy from teasing her. While at home, Carrie is tormented by her delusional mother (Piper Laurie), who locks Carrie in a closet and forces her to pray--she believes that Carrie received her period due to sinning.Miss Collins, still livid about the incident, berates the other girls and forces them through a detention, deliberately physically exhausting them. The leader of the clique, Chris Hargensen (Nancy Allen), refuses to participate, and as punishment, is banned from the upcoming prom. Furious, she blames Carrie for her misfortune. Meanwhile, another one of the girls, Sue Snell (Amy Irving), feels guilty about her part in teasing Carrie, so she asks her boyfriend, Tommy Ross (William Katt), to take Carrie to the prom. Tommy begrudgingly agrees. After Tommy asks her to the prom, Carrie refuses, thinking that yet another trick is being played on her. After a comforting pep talk with Miss Collins, and after Tommy's further insistence, Carrie finally agrees to go to the prom with Tommy.While everyone else is getting ready for the prom, Chris schemes with her boyfriend Billy Nolan (John Travolta) and best friend Norma (P.J. Soles) to get revenge on Carrie. They go to a farm and slaughter some pigs, drain their blood into a bucket, and place the bucket on one of the rafters in the school gym. Carrie asks her mother's permission to go to the prom. Her mother becomes unhinged at the suggestion, commenting that Tommy is only after her for sex and that this will lead her down a road to perpetual sin. This leads to a violent argument between Carrie and her mother; who uses her telekinesis to slam windows and doors in her home. After another fight between Carrie and her mother the night of the prom, Carrie uses her powers to push her mother into a bed and tells her that she must stop worrying.Carrie and Tommy arrive at the prom, and Carrie begins to feel accepted by Tommy's peers. Miss Collins relates to Carrie the story of her own prom, telling her she should cherish the memory forever. Carrie and Tommy dance together; Tommy has since fallen for Carrie and kisses her.As per Chris' instructions, Norma and some of Billy's friends fix the ballots so that Carrie and Tommy are elected prom king and queen. They make their way to the stage, and Carrie finally feels what its like to be accepted.Meanwhile, Sue sneaks into the prom and sees Chris and Billy under the stage. She realizes their plan: Chris is going to yank a cord and dump the pig's blood all over Carrie as she is declared prom queen. Sue rushes toward the stage frantically, but is intercepted by Miss Collins, who thinks that Sue is out to make trouble for Carrie after seeing that Carrie and Tommy are together. Miss Collins throws her out of the gym, thinking that she was to spoil Carrie's momentum. At that exact moment, Chris yanks the cord, drenching Carrie in pig's blood.The students gasp and look on in horror. Tommy is furious, but the bucket falls and knocks him unconscious. Carrie snaps and imagines that all of the students and faculty are actually laughing at her, which her mother had warned her would happen. Carrie uses her telekinesis to destroy the gym and kill her peers and teachers, including Miss Collins. As Carrie walks home, a firetruck is seen passing her. Chris and Billy, who safely witnessed Carrie cause the death of the entire student body, attempt to run Carrie over with Billy's car. Carrie uses her telekinesis to destroy the car.When Carrie returns home, she draws a bath. After she cleaned herself, her mother appears, and tells her she was the result of a strange marital rape. Then, convinced that her daughter is an evil witch, she takes out a chopping knife and stabs Carrie in the back. Carrie falls down the stairs and stumbles away from her mother. When her mother corners her in the kitchen, Carrie uses her power to crucify her mother with kitchen knives & tools. After the death, Carrie becomes wrought with guilt, and using the lit candles, sets her house ablaze. The home eventually collapses and Carrie dies amongst the debris.Some time later, Sue, having survived the prom night catastrophe, is suffering from depression over the death of her peers. She experiences a nightmare in which she visits the location of Carrie's house. As she reaches down to put flowers on the burnt lot, Carrie's blood-stained hand reaches up from the rubble and grabs her. Sue then wakes up screaming in the arms of her mother.
tags: comedy,  fantasy,  cruelty,  suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  dark,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  insanity,  romantic,  tragedy,  revenge,  sadist,  prank, 

title: Beetlejuice
synopsis: In a sleepy little town in New England, we meet Barbara (Geena Davis) and Adam (Alec Baldwin) Maitland, a couple who have chosen to take a vacation by staying at home. However, the realtor who sold them the house, Jane (Annie McEnroe), tries to entice them to sell the house, since it seems too big for just a couple. The Maitlands reject her pleas and head to town. On the way home they swerve to avoid a dog, which sends them into a river where they drown.Unaware that they are dead, the Maitlands return to the house, unsure how they got back so quickly. Adam decides to go back outside to 'retrace their steps,' but finds himself on a strange desert planet inhabited by striped sandworms. When he returns to the house, Barbara says he was gone for two hours and shows him a book that she found on a table, Handbook for the Recently Deceased.Time passes relatively quickly, and soon, the Maitlands' house is sold again (under Jane's watchful eye) to the Deetzes, a New York family composed of Charles (Jeffrey Jones), Delia (Catherine O'Hara), and their daughter Lydia (Winona Ryder). While Charles wishes for a quiet respite from the hustle and bustle of New York, Delia can't stand the simple life, and hires a decorator named Otho (Glenn Shadix) to make the house more 'livable' and more to her tastes.Adam and Barbara try to scare the Deetzes, but all their efforts are for naught, as it seems that the living can't see the dead. They take refuge in the attic, where Adam locks the door. However, Lydia finds a skeleton key and tries to open the door. As Adam and Barbara foil her attempts, a TV in the attic comes to life, advertising the services of someone named Beetlejuice (Michael Keaton), who claims to be able to scare the living.Consulting the handbook, Adam creates a door that takes him and Barbara to a waiting room in the afterlife, filled with others who have met rather gruesome fates. They are shown to a special room, which reveals their home after it has been redecorated by Delia and Otho. It is here that they are introduced to their case worker Juno (Sylvia Sidney), who chastises them for their haunting methods and cautions them not to take the advice of the person they saw on the television.Returning to the house, Adam and Barbara dress up in sheets to try and scare Charles and Delia, but their attempt fails again. Annoyed with the spooky noises, Lydia finds them, and the two are amazed when they remove the bedsheets and realize she can see them! Lydia reveals that she found their handbook, and found a passage that explains how 'live people ignore the strange and unusual,' something she considered herself to be.The Maitlands enlist Lydia to help get the Deetzes out of their house, but no one believes her. Not sure what to do, Barbara notices something in the model of the town in the attic: a glowing light around a small grave that appears to belong to Beetlejuice. She says his name three times, and she and Adam are whisked into the model, where they unearth Beetlejuice's body. Once they've done so they regret it, as Beetlejuice is a rather crazy, uncouth and insane ghoul. Turned off by his personality, they resolve to scare the Deetzes themselves.At a dinner party Delia throws to show her sculptures and other art pieces, the entire group ends up singing 'The Banana Boat Song,' and the shrimp dish in front of them turns into grasping hands. The Maitlands think they've finally succeeded, only to find that their antics have actually amused the Deetzes. The Deetzes send Lydia to bring them down, and when they refuse, everyone clambers to the attic, demanding that the Maitlands show themselves. They find no one there, but Charles is entranced by the miniature of the town, and Otho finds and takes the handbook.Leaving the attic, Charles feels that there is a lucrative business venture just waiting to happen. However, his cheerfulness turns to horror as Beetlejuice transforms into a large snake, freaking out the family by knocking Otho down the stairs and dropping Charles to the floor below. Barbara manages to call the snake off by uttering Beetlejuice's name three times. Lydia is distraught, thinking that the snake was the Maitlands intending to do more than just scare them.The Maitlands are brought before Juno again, who takes them to task for breaking a number of rules: having photos taken of themselves, letting Beetlejuice out, and letting Otho get hold of the handbook. Juno encourages the Maitlands to work harder to scare the Deetzes, and Barbara and Adam contort their features into grotesque forms. However, Barbara has some apprehensions, as she likes Lydia.Meanwhile, Lydia grows so upset that she writes a suicide letter. Going to the attic to say goodbye to the Maitlands, she encounters Beetlejuice in the model. Beetlejuice tries to convince her that he can help her find the Maitlands if she says his name three times. Lydia is almost tricked into saying this, until she realizes that Beetlejuice was the snake, and doubts if he really can help her find the Maitlands. Just then, Adam and Barbara appear, and Lydia explains what was about to happen. Lydia, feeling distraught to be living, tells them of her wish to be dead. Barbara talks her out of these thoughts, and tells her that they've decided to not scare the family, and allow them to stay.Just then, Otho and Charles appear in the attic; Lydia and the Maitlands hide. Otho and Charles carry Adam's model of the town downstairs, where they give Charles' business associate Maxie Deen (Robert Goulet) an overview of Charles' plan to turn the town into a paranormal-themed attraction. Charles also requests that Lydia produce the Maitlands for their guests, but when she refuses, Otho explains that he has a way.Using the handbook and the Maitlands' wedding clothes, Otho performs a seance that forces the couple to appear before them. However, this causes the Maitlands to deteriorate, their forms reverting to their decaying corpses.Frantic, Lydia rushes to the model and sees Beetlejuice in the graveyard. She begs him to help her. Beetlejuice agrees on the condition that Lydia marries him. She agrees to this, and the Maitlands are saved. However, Beetlejuice then holds Lydia to her word, and holds Charles and Delia hostage as 'witnesses,' as Otho escapes.Both Adam and Barbara struggle to stop Beetlejuice, who sends Adam into the model and Barbara to the sandworm planet. Through a joint effort, they do away with Beetlejuice and save Lydia.In the aftermath, the Maitlands and the Deetzes co-occupy the house, and Lydia is much more cheerful in her new environment.
tags: comedy,  fantasy,  gothic,  paranormal,  whimsical,  cult,  alternate reality,  horror,  haunting,  psychedelic,  entertaining, 

title: Ti piace Hitchcock?
synopsis: In 1991, while riding his bike through the woods, a young boy spots a woman darting between the trees. He puts down his bike and runs after her. The woman meets up with another woman, they speak briefly and run together through the woods until they arrive at an old stone house. The boy continues after them, peeks through the window of the house and watches as they wildly slaughter a rooster. The women spot the boy at the window and chase after him, saying You'll be sorry, I'll kill you, You'll never get away from us.Present Day. A young man, Julio, working late at night spies an attractive neighbor girl getting dressed. He watches her through binoculars as she takes off her red bra. The next morning, he rides his motorbike to his girlfriend's apartment to pick her up. After they make love in his apartment, the girlfriend leaves and Julio stays behind, watching the neighbors out the window (à la Rear Window).Julio sees Sasha (the same young woman from the previous night's spying) having an argument with her mother. Later in the day, he meets her by chance at a video rental store. He doesn't speak to her, but he watches her as she talks with another woman, Federica. The two women both want to rent Strangers on a Train. They talk and become friends. Julio rents some films by Fritz Lang whom he is studying for his college thesis.Later that night as Julio is watching his film while smoking marijuana, he sees Sasha watching her movies in the apartment across the street. Her mother tells her angrily to turn down the volume. Sasha meanders out to the balcony where she briefly sees Julio. He ducks back into his apartment.The next day, Julio is back at the video store and sees Federica as she rents Strangers on a Train. The creepy video store guy makes some advances towards her, but she's not interested and drives away. Later, while riding his bicycle, Julio sees Sasha and Federica having lunch by a fountain, talking closely, almost intimately.That evening, a white-gloved intruder uses a key to enter Sasha's apartment while her mother is home alone watching TV. The intruder murders Sasha's mother by beating her to death with a brass pestle. Julio is awakened later that night by the sounds of the police cars which have come to investigate. Sasha is being questioned.Julio meets the video store guy the next morning and they talk briefly about the murder. They both attend Sasha's mother's funeral.Julio meets his girlfriend for lunch. Reading the newspaper, he finds out that Sasha Zerboni was an only child. Her mother was a rich widow. Julio tells his girlfriend that he's been thinking about Strangers on a Train all day. They rent it and watch it together. He suspects that Sasha and Federica are in an agreement like that of Strangers on a Train. His girlfriend says he's crazy. In the course of their conversation, she realizes that he's been watching Sasha out his window.Later, Julio sees a woman cleaning Sasha's mother's apartment. He goes across the street and finds the cleaning crew mopping up the bloody crime scene. After a brief exchange with the crew chief, Julio dashes out. He snatches a letter out of the Zerboni mailbox and is almost caught by a neighbor. He reads the letter in the lift up to his apartment. It's a bank statement with almost one million Euros in the account. At his home, he is surprised to find his mother there, cleaning it. She previously told Julio she's getting remarried, to her tennis coach, and wants Julio to meet the guy. Eventually, she leaves for an appointment.Sasha comes back to her apartment where the crew chief tells her about Julio's visit, and that he lives across the street. She knows he's been watching her.While Julio showers, someone breaks into his apartment. The intruder breaks an empty wine bottle and flees when Julio hears the noise and jumps out of the shower. Julio calls his girlfriend and asks her to come over to spend the night because he's nervous.Julio and his girlfriend discuss the situation. She's more interested in making love. When he insists that it is now Sasha's turn to kill someone close to Federica (à la Strangers on a Train), she says he needs to see a shrink and storms out.The next day, Julio has his locks changed. He passes by the video store and the video guy tells him that Sasha had been in and asked about him, saying that she knew he watched her.That night, Julio has a nightmare flashback to the first scene with the two women slaughtering the rooster. It becomes obvious that he is the boy in that scene. He awakes to hear someone trying to break into his apartment, but the intruder runs away before Julio can get the door unlocked and give chase.The following day, Julio returns Strangers on a Train to the video store. The video guy (Andrea) asks Julio to mind the store while he steps out. Julio agrees and while Andrea is away, he looks up Federica's address on the store computer. In the middle of his poking around, Sasha comes into the store and they speak briefly. She sees that he has returned Strangers on a Train and she puts it back on the shelf.Julio rides his motorbike to Federica's apartment and follows her when she leaves. He drives wildly after her until she arrives at her office at Oniusaxo & Co. - Studio Immobiliare (Real Estate Office). Through the window, he sees Federica's boss grope her inappropriately. At the end of the day, Federica hesitatingly gets into the boss's car with him. She is clearly unhappy to be there. They arrive at the boss's apartment and Julio, having followed them there, sees them arguing in a second floor window. Julio scampers up a ledge to a second floor balcony as it starts to rain. He can see and hear Federica and her boss arguing in bed. The boss is blackmailing Federica because of some money she stole from a client. He is forcing her to submit to him sexually in exchange for not reporting her.In the middle of the boss's forcing himself upon Federica, he spots Julio looking through the window. Julio tries to scamper back down the ledge, but he falls and fractures his ankle in the process. The boss gives chase and Julio limps to his motorbike and just barely escapes, slipping and falling in the rain several times while the boss pursues him.Julio's mother takes him to the doctor who tells him he'll have to be in a cast for several weeks. Julio's girlfriend comes over to his place to help him mend, but when he starts telling her what happened and his theory of how Federica wants Sasha to kill her boss, the girlfriend says he's crazier than ever and storms out, saying she never wants to see him again.Just as Julio's girlfriend is leaving, Andrea, the video guy comes to visit Julio. He's brought some classic Hitchcock videos for Julio to watch while he's laid up. He asks to use the bathroom and a few minutes later tells Julio that the tap is stuck and won't turn off. When Julio enters the bathroom, Andrea grabs him and tries to drown him in the tub. While Julio and Andrea are struggling, Julio's mother and her fiancée come to visit Julio. Hearing the screams from inside the apartment, the fiancée breaks down the door and pulls Andrea off Julio. While Julio's mother revives Julio, the fiancée chases after Andrea. As they leave the apartment, Andrea runs across the street and is fatally hit by a car. Sasha looks down from her balcony, realizes what happened and becomes physically ill.The police come and arrest Sasha and detectives speak to Julio. Later, Julio's girlfriend, Ariana, comes over and they make up. Julio explains that Sasha's plot was more similar to the film Dial M for Murder in which a man hires a killer to kill his wife. Here, Sasha hired Andrea to kill her mother.As Ariana is closing the window, she sees a woman dressed in black approaching Sasha's apartment. Despite Julio's protests, Ariana insists on chasing after her to see what she's doing. Julio sees through his binoculars that the woman is Federica, in disguise. She is looking for the key which she mistakenly left in Sasha's apartment. Julio realizes that Federica was the real killer of Sasha's mother and that Andrea must have joined them later. Julio calls Ariana on her cell phone, but she refuses to give up the pursuit despite his protests that Federica is a killer.Julio calls the inspector and he responds immediately, arriving at Sasha's apartment before Ariana has a chance to confront Federica. They chase her up to the rooftop where she threatens to jump off. Federica slips off the edge of the building, but the inspector catches her by the arm before she falls. The inspector and Ariana manage to haul Federica up to safety, at which point she is placed under arrest.In the final scene, Julio's cast is off and he is exercising. Julio gets a phone call from his mother and while they talk he sees a light go on in Sasha's former apartment. Another beautiful woman has taken residence in the apartment. She is almost naked and reading a book on the couch. She sees Julio watching her from across the street, but doesn't seem to mind. Julio stands staring with mouth agape.
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: Saw II
synopsis: The film opens with Michael (Noam Jenkins), a police informant, finding himself ensnared in a deadly trap created by the Jigsaw Killer (Tobin Bell). A videotaped message informs him that a Venus flytrap-like helmet full of spikes has been locked around his neck and will close on his head unless he finds the key in time. Michael realizes, through hints left by Jigsaw, that the key has been implanted behind his right eye. He finds a scalpel nearby, but cannot bring himself to cut out his own eye. When the timer runs out, the device slams shut, killing him instantly.After arguing with his rebellious teenage son Daniel (Erik Knudsen), Detective Eric Matthews (Donnie Wahlberg) is called to the scene of yet another death perpetrated by Jigsaw on account of his name being written on the wall. Noticing that a padlock on the iron maiden-like device around the victim's neck bares a Wilson Steel logo, he gathers a SWAT team and arrives at the company's abandoned factory, which has now become another lair of Jigsaw's. A set of computer monitors shows several people trapped in a mysterious house, with Daniel among them; a timer is also present, with less than two hours left. Considerably weakened by his rapidly-advancing brain cancer, Jigsaw informs detective Mathews that he will see his son in a safe, secure state if he can sit in the room and converse with him long enough.In the house, the kidnapped people are trying to figure out how they got there. One person is passed out on the floor and later turns out to be Amanda Young (Shawnee Smith), a familiar face from the first Saw film wherein she was the only character to escape her trap. There are six people in addition to Daniel and Amanda, and none of them knows who the others are. Amanda finds a cassette player and a note falls to the floor. She plays the cassette and they all learn that the door to the house will open in three hours but a toxic nerve gas is leaking into the house which will kill them in two hours unless they can find antidotes. One of these is in a safe in the room with them; the combination to which is said to be in the back of [their] mind. The tape also states that the key to how they are connected to each other is marked by an X. Gus (Tony Nappo) is quickly killed while peering out the door's peep hole because Xavier (Franky G) attempts to unlock the door with a key found with the note which reads do not attempt to use the key on the door to this room.Saw II now intercuts between Jigsaw's lair as Matthews' talks with Jigsaw in an attempt to buy time while the video signal is traced, and the captives in the house trying to secure antidotes. In the basement, they find a message for Obi (Tim Burd) revealing that he helped in the capture of everybody in the house. Soon after, he is burned to death by a furnace after attempting to take the two antidotes from inside. While he is burning, he notices a switch that COULD have turned off the fire, next to a drawing of the devil (on the tape, jigsaw says when you're in hell, only the devil can help you out). He dies without getting the syringes out, and everyone goes back upstairs.A door without a padlock is found and Xavier pushes in the door which starts a count-down timer. Another tape is found, in which Jigsaw condemns Xavier for being a drug dealer. A pit with thousands of used hypodermic syringes is revealed, with a key to an antidote hidden within. Instead of searching the pit himself, Xavier throws Amanda in. Amanda retrieves the key, but Xavier fails to unlock the door before the timer runs out. The antidote remains locked up.Back in Jigsaw's office, he reveals that the people trapped in the house are all criminals who were framed by Matthews at one point, and that his son may be in danger should the others discover his identity. Matthews, growing impatient with Jigsaw's philosophical ramblings, trashes Jigsaw's models and plans; Jigsaw remains unmoved.Xavier, having abandoned the others, finds a colored number written on the back of Gus' neck. Realizing this is where the combination to the safe must be hidden, Xavier pulls out a knife and tells Jonus (Glenn Plummer) to turn around. Jonus assumes Xaxier means him harm and of course fights back and almost gets away but a coughing fit stops him. Xavier takes advantage of this fit and kills Jonas to retrieve his number and begins stalking the remaining captives. Laura (Beverley Mitchell) notices an X marking a painting on the wall and upon lifting it, finds a photo tacked to the back of it. The photo shows that Daniel is the son of their arresting officer, Eric Mathews. Soon after discovering the clue, Laura succumbs to the poison.Addison somehow finds another unlocked room and stumbles upon a glass box containing an antidote, a trap meant for Gus, and becomes caught in it. If she had only taken a moment to look around, she would have seen the key hanging from the ceiling on the other side of the box. Xavier comes to Addison, alerted by her screams for help, but only to obtain her number. Rather than unlock the box, he leaves her to die of blood loss. Xavier then discovers that Daniel is Matthews' son by finding the discarded photo and hunts him and Amanda down.Watching this on the monitors in Jigsaw's headquarters, Matthews loses control and violently assaults Jigsaw, nearly killing him and ultimately forcing him to take him to the house at gunpoint. As they depart, the tech team discovers the signal going to the monitors and follows it.Xavier pursues Amanda and Daniel through a trapdoor, which leads to the bathroom trap from the first film; inside are the decomposing severed foot of Dr. Gordon and the remains of Zepp Hindle and Adam Faulkner in an advanced state of decomposition. After Xavier threatens Amanda for her number, she asks him how he intends to read his own number. In response, Xavier slices off the piece of skin from the back of his neck where it is written. Xavier then attacks a prone Daniel, but he is revealed to be playing dead and slashes Xavier's throat open with Dr. Gordon's hacksaw from the previous film.Meanwhile, Matthews arrives at the house and makes his way inside, eventually finding the trapdoor. The SWAT team, meanwhile, arrives at the location of the video signal, but it is not the same house that has been shown on the monitors in Jigsaw's lair; the events in the house took place a few hours earlier and were broadcast from tapes.Matthews arrives in the bathroom and is stabbed in the thigh with a hypodermic syringe and knocked unconscious by a person wearing a pig mask.The timer at Jigsaw's lair expires and a safe opens, revealing Daniel inside wearing an oxygen mask.Matthews awakens to find himself chained to a pipe. An audio tape lying next to him reveals that Amanda has put him there. In a series of flashbacks, we learn that Amanda has become Jigsaw's protégé, and that Matthews is her first victim, as revenge for framing her and sending her to prison where she became addicted to heroin. Amanda appears in the door and says Game over! before closing the bathroom door while Mathews screams threats and abuse. Outside the house, a very badly beaten Jigsaw slowly forms a smile, as he is happy that his master plan has worked perfectly.
tags: mystery,  gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  clever,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Bijo to ekitai ningen
synopsis: (Japanese Version)
Following a routine nuclear experiment, the ship Ryujin Maru II disappeared while in the South Pacific Days later, another ship, bound for Izu, stumbles upon the craft adrift at sea. Six members of the crew decide to board the ship. To their surprise, they find no one on board at all, only clothes lying around but in a way that, in dim light, make them look like a person is in them. In the captain's room, they find an unfinished log, and begin to suspect that the crew must have been killed somehow. While leaving the captain's room, Dai, one of the crew members who boarded the ship, is killed by a mysterious blue liquid that climbs up his leg and melts his body, leaving only his clothes behind. After killing Dai, the liquid takes the shape of a man and is joined by another one from the window. The monsters rush at one of the terrified men and quickly claim another victim. Next, Sou is killed on the dock while trying to escape. Only two of the original six make it off the ship alive, and they spot Liquid People (H-Men) walking around the deck as they disembark away from the ship.
Much later, in the outskirts of Tokyo, a drug smuggler by the name of Misaki is mysteriously killed while trying to get away, leaving only his clothes behind. The police investigate by going to his apartment, only to find his girlfriend, Arai Chikako, who says he hasn't returned for five days. Arai works at the cabaret, so the police decide to go there for further investigation. After her performance, the police go back to Arai's room and find a man backstage with her. After finding a note to Arai in his pocket, they bring him in as a suspect. He is identified as Masada, an assistant professor at Jyoto University. Masada explains that he wanted to talk to Arai about Misaki, and explains his theory that Misaki's disappearance is the result of his physical form melting away, possibly from an extreme amount of radiation in the rain that night. The police don't buy a word, and set up patrols at Misaki's apartment where Arai is living.
That night, a man by the name of Nishiyama sneaks into the apartment and threatens Arai, asking her where Misaki is; however, he gets no answer as Arai explains that she simply doesn't know. After thinking it over Nishiyama states that he will spare her life for tonight, and leaves by the window. Not long after, Arai hears gun shots that are followed by a scream. Arai then opens the door to the apartment and faints in the hall. The police go the room to investigate, and look out the window only to see clothes and a gun lying out on the street.
In the morning, the police take Arai in for questioning, but get no new information from her. Masada arrives at the police station to try and prove his theory to them once more, this time he invites them to go back to the hospital with him where he announces that he has collected witnesses that will prove his theory. Once there, the witnesses tell their story of the six members of their ship that boarded the ship, and how four of the men lost their lives that night. Masada next shows him the effect of the Ash of Death, the type of nuclear explosion that the Ryujin Maru II was exposed to, on a bullfrog. The bullfrog melts almost immediately, all of its cells are transformed into a liquid. The police still don't buy that the Misaki disappearance is related to this, though. The police decide to question Arai again, this time showing her a group of pictures, asking her to identify who came into the apartment the night before. She points out Nishiyama out of the pictures, a member of the Hanada gang.
Meanwhile, Masada finds a lifesaver on the docks that belongs to the Ryujin Maru II, and he starts to suspect that the liquid might have attached itself to it and traveled to Tokyo. Masada takes the lifesaver back to the University, where he and his colleagues find out that the lifesaver is indeed radioactive. Arai then visits the institute to find Masada and tells him about the murders, and how a liquid killed the victims. Professor Maki is intrigued by the girl's story, and asks that Masada goes to the police station and tell them their findings. Masada complies, but is still laughed at down at the station. The police become notably annoyed with his persistence in pursuing this theory. So, to stay in their favor, Masada divulges that he believes that a waiter at the cabaret may be in on the drug smuggling.
That night, the police visit the cabaret again, disguised as customers. They watch, and mark down, which tables the waiter stops at for long periods of time. Every time someone from one of these marked tables starts to leave, they arrest them as a suspect. Eventually the guests of the club begin to catch on, and one of them fires his gun right before they cuff him. The waiter hears this and warns Uchida, an intricate figure in the drug smuggling ring, and they retreat to one of the dancer's rooms. Once inside, they try to escape through the window, but are cut off by an H-Man. The waiter, along with one of the dancers is killed. The H-Man next tries to get Arai, but is distracted by one of the policemen, who starts firing at it. The H-Man liquefies the officer, and then escapes through the window. During the commotion, Uchida takes off his clothes to fake his death, and escapes.
The police now accept Masada's theory about the Ash of Death. It's also confirmed that the liquid got to Tokyo by attaching itself to the lifesaver. Maki explains to the authorities that the only way to kill the creatures is by electrocution or incineration. Then Masada, after studying Uchida's clothes, explains to the police that they weren't radioactive, meaning he must have escaped. Shortly after this discovery, Arai is kidnapped by Uchida.
Meanwhile, the authorities plan to use their high voltage discharge unit to stop the H-men's infiltration upstream. Next they plan to evacuate and fill the surrounding bodies of water with gasoline, to incinerate the ones already in the city.
Before the authorities can put this plan into operation, Uchida leads Arai into the sewers to retrieve the stash of drugs that the waiter had been hiding down there. In the meantime, Masada finds a piece of Arai's clothing floating in the water near one of the sewage valves, and rushes in the sewers looking for her. The police catch wind of Masada's actions and ask permission to go down with one of the teams preparing the gasoline operation. A rescue team is then prepared, and goes in after them. Uchida is killed shortly after by one of the liquid people, and Arai begins to flee. Masada finds her, and manages to help her get away as the rescue team discovers them both, with the H-men in hot pursuit. The water is then ignited, burning alive all of the monsters and putting an end to their reign of terror.
(English Dubbed Version)
The movie began with a clip of the rising mushroom cloud the result of a nuclear test. Followed on from there a scene is shown of a drug dealing in progress during a rainy night in a city. Misaki came out of a sewer to meet an accomplice waiting inside a car. Misaki shot at something that was melting him away.
At the police station, witnesses including a police on a beat are giving statements to station officers who found the things being told a bit far fetched. Furthering the investigation into the drug dealings, police detectives went to Misaki's apartment. They found his girlfriend, Chikako Arai a cabaret singer, brought her to the station for questioning. Later, the detectives stake out the cabaret and arrested Masada, a biologist and a university professor, as a suspect because on him was found a note he wrote to Arai. When brought to the police station for questioning, Detective Tominaga recognized Masada cleared him of being a suspect.
Later on, when Arai came back to Misaki's apartment she found the window wide open. She switched on the light and a man, Nishiyama, hiding behind the curtain grabs her and threatens her to tell him where is Misaki. He left the apartment through the window since Arai does not know Misaki's whereabout and police detectives are below. Gun shots and the scream of a man are heard. Arai covers her face in horror, opens the door of the apartment straggles out and faints in the hall way. The police goes in the room to investigate, looks out the window only to see clothes and a gun lying out in a puddle on the street.
In the morning, Arai is questioned at the police station about the incident the night before but gets no where. Just as the detectives are finishing their reports with their chief Detective Tominaga Masada arrives asks Tominaga whether he found Misaki. After some conversational exchanges, Tominaga invites Masada to talk to Arai to see if he can get some info from her. As Masada was questioning Arai, Tominaga pokes fun at Masada's theory of the missing Misaki and informed him that another person has disappeared the same way as Misaki. This brought Masada to ask Tominaga to follow him to the hospital where he introduces two witnesses to something that can support his theory.
The witnesses tell their story of what happened when they and four other members of their ship boarded the drifting ship, Ryujin Maru II and how four of those men lost their lives that night. Masada shows him the effect of the Ash of Death, the type of nuclear explosion the Ryujin Maru II was exposed to, on a bullfrog. The bullfrog melts almost immediately, all of its cells are transformed into liquid. The police still don't buy that the Misaki disappearance is related to this.
Masada shows a lifesaver, from Ryujin Maru II, found by some fishermen on the docks in Tokyo Bay to the detectives but they are not interested. Masada takes the lifesaver back to the University, where he and his colleagues found out that the lifesaver is radioactive. Arai visits the institute to find Masada and tells him that she witnessed a person being dissolved/meltdown. Professor Maki is intrigued by the girl's story. Masada under Professor Maki's instruction went to see Tominaga and told him what they found and that the public must be warned of the impending menace threatening them. The police still refuse to believe him. In the end, Masada chides them for not having pity on Arai because she is being hounded by the police as well as the gangsters. He told them that if they trusted her and go to the cabaret she could point out to them the drug smuggling gang members at the cabaret of whom the waiter is the main person to watch as he is the connection.
The police took up the suggestion went to cabaret under disguise. As each of the pointed out members leave, they are arrested. The one of them fires his gun before he was handcuffed. The waiter heard it warns Uchida and they retreat to one of the dancer's rooms. They try to escape through the window, but are cut off by an H-Man. The waiter, along with one of the dancers is killed. The H-Man next tries to get Arai at the ladies but she escapes. The H-Man tries again to get Arai but gets distracted by a detective shooting at it. It liquefies the detective and then escapes.During the commotion, Uchida takes off his clothes to fake his death and escapes.
The police now accepts Masada's theory about the Ash of Death. It's also confirmed that the liquid got to Tokyo by attaching itself to the lifesaver. Maki explains to the authorities that the only way to kill the creatures is by electrocution or incineration. Then Masada, after studying Uchida's clothes, explains to the police that they weren't radioactive, meaning he must have escaped. Shortly after this discovery, Arai is kidnapped by Uchida.
Meanwhile, the authorities plan to use their high voltage discharge unit to stop the H-men's infiltration upstream. Next they plan to evacuate and fill the surrounding bodies of water with gasoline, to incinerate the ones already in the city.
Before the authorities can put this plan into operation, Uchida leads Arai into the sewers to retrieve the stash of drugs. In the meantime, Masada finds a piece of Arai's clothing floating in the water near one of the sewage outlet, and rushes into the sewer looking for her. Tominaga catch wind of Masada's actions goes down to the sewer too with one of the teams preparing the gasoline operation. A rescue team is then prepared, and goes in after them. Uchida is killed shortly after by one of the liquid people, and Arai begins to flee. Masada finds her, and manages to help her get away as the rescue team discovers them both, with the H-men in hot pursuit. The water is then ignited, burning alive all of the monsters and putting an end to their reign of terror. The narrator made a final statement that with the continuing H-bombing tests the next ruler of the Earth may be the H-men.
tags: horror, 

title: Tenebre
synopsis: Peter Neal, an American writer of violent horror novels, is in Italy to promote his latest work, Tenebrae. He is accompanied by his literary agent, Bullmer and his assistant, Anne. Neal is unaware that he has also been followed to Rome by his embittered ex-wife, Jane. Just before Neal arrived in Rome, Elsa, a young female shoplifter, was murdered with a razor by an unseen assailant. The murderer sends Neal a letter informing him that his books have inspired him to go on a killing spree. Neal is soon contacted by the police in the form of Detective Giermani and his female partner, Inspector Altieri.
More killings take place. Tilde, a beautiful lesbian journalist, is murdered at her home along with her lover Marion. Maria, the young daughter of Neal's landlord, is later hacked to death with a axe after discovering the killer's lair. Neal notices that TV interviewer Christiano Berti has an unusually intense interest in his work. That night, Neal and his Italian assistant Gianni watch Berti's house. Gianni approaches the house alone to get a better view and sees an assailant hack Berti to death with an axe. However, Gianni is unable to see the murderer's face. He returns to Neal to find the novelist has been knocked unconscious on the lawn.
Giermani discovers that Berti was obsessed with Neal's novels, and believes the killings will stop now that Berti is dead. However, Bullmer, who is having an affair with Jane, is stabbed to death while waiting for his lover in a public square. Gianni is haunted by the thought that he missed the importance of something he saw at Berti's house. He returns to the house and suddenly remembers that he had heard Berti confessing to his attacker: I killed them all, I killed them all! Before Gianni can share this detail with anyone, he is strangled to death from the back seat of his car.
Jane sits at her kitchen table with a pistol when a figure leaps through her window and hacks off one of her arms. The wound sprays blood over the kitchen walls before Jane falls to the floor. The killer continues to hack at her until she is dead. A woman enters the house and is attacked from behind by the ax. As she falls down, the killer is revealed to be Neal, who thinks he just killed Anne. He turns the body over to discover he actually murdered Inspector Altieri. Giermani and Anne arrive soon afterwards; when Neal sees that he cannot escape, he slits his throat in front of them. Finding the telephone out of order, Giermani and Anne go outside to report the incident from the car radio. Giermani explains to Anne that, upon learning the details of Berti's sadistic murder spree, Neal recovered a previously repressed memory involving his murder of a girl who had sexually humiliated him when he was a youth in Rhode Island. The memory torments Neal and inflames his previously repressed lust for blood, driving him insane. Giermani returns to the house and is murdered by Neal, who had faked his own death. Neal waits inside for Anne to return, but when she opens the door, she accidentally knocks over a metal sculpture that impales and kills Neal. The horror-stricken Anne stands in the rain and screams repeatedly.
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  brainwashing,  storytelling, 

title: Corpse Bride
synopsis: In an unspecified Victorian-era village somewhere in Europe, Victor Van Dort (Johnny Depp), the son of nouveau riche fish merchants, and Victoria Everglot (Emily Watson), the neglected daughter of snobbish aristocrats, are preparing for their arranged marriage, which will simultaneously raise the social class of Victor's parents and restore the wealth of Victoria's penniless family. Both have concerns about marrying someone they do not know, but upon meeting for the first time, they fall for each other. After the shy Victor ruins the wedding rehearsal by forgetting his vows and is scolded by Pastor Galswells (Christopher Lee), he flees and practices his wedding vows in the nearby forest, placing the wedding ring on a nearby upturned tree root.
The root turns out to be the finger of a murdered woman in a tattered bridal gown named Emily (Helena Bonham Carter), who rises from the grave claiming that she is now Victor's wife. After fainting, Victor wakes up and finds out he was spirited away to the surprisingly festive Land of the Dead. The bewildered Victor learns the story of how Emily, his new bride, was murdered years ago by an unknown criminal on the night of her secret elopement. Emily, as a wedding gift, reunites Victor with his long-dead dog, Scraps. Meanwhile, Victoria's parents hear that Victor has been seen in another woman's arms, and become suspicious.
Wanting to reunite with Victoria, Victor tricks Emily into taking him back to the Land of the Living by pretending he wants her to meet his parents. She agrees to this and takes him to see Elder Gutknecht (Michael Gough), the kindly ruler of the underworld, to return Victor and Emily temporarily to the Land of the Living. Once back home, Victor asks Emily to wait in the forest while he rushes off to see Victoria and confess his wish to marry her as soon as possible, to which she gladly returns his feelings. Just as they are about to share a kiss, Emily arrives and sees the two of them together and, feeling betrayed and hurt, angrily drags Victor back to the Land of the Dead. Victoria tells her parents that Victor has been forcibly wed to a dead woman, but they believe she has lost her mind and lock her up in her bedroom. She escapes her room by window and rushes to Galswells to find a way to help Victor, but fails. With Victor gone, Victoria's parents decide to marry her off against her will to a presumed-wealthy newcomer in town named Lord Barkis Bittern (Richard E. Grant), who appeared at the wedding rehearsal.
Emily is heartbroken by Victor's deception. Victor, however, apologizes for lying to her, and the two reconcile while playing the piano together. Shortly after, Victor's recently deceased family coachman, Mayhew appears in the afterlife and informs Victor of Victoria's impending marriage to Barkis. In order for Victor and Emily's marriage to become valid, Victor must repeat his vows in the Land of the Living and willingly drink the Wine of Ages, a poison - thus joining her in death. Overhearing this, and fretting about having lost Victoria to another man, Victor agrees to die for Emily. All of the dead go upstairs to the Land of the Living to perform the wedding ceremony for Victor and Emily. Upon their arrival, the town erupts into a temporary panic until everyone recognizes their loved ones from the dead and they have a joyous reunion under the bizarre circumstances.
After a quarrel with Barkis (and realizing he was only after her supposed money), Victoria follows the procession of dead to the church. Emily notices Victoria and realizes that she is denying Victoria her chance at happiness the same way it was stolen from her. As Victor prepares to drink the cup of poison to kill himself, Emily stops him and reunites him with Victoria. Barkis interrupts them, and Emily recognizes him as her former fiance - who is revealed to be the one who murdered her for her dowry. Barkis tries to kidnap Victoria at sword point, but Victor stops him and the two men duel. The dead townspeople are unable to interfere with the affairs of the living. Emily intercedes to save Victor and Barkis mockingly proposes a toast to Emily, claiming she was always the bridesmaid, never the bride. He unknowingly drinks the cup of poison. The dead, now able to intercede, happily drag the new arrival back to the Land of the Dead for retribution for his crimes. Victoria, now a widow, is once again able to marry Victor.
Emily sets Victor free of his vow to marry her, giving the wedding ring back to Victor and her wedding bouquet to Victoria before exiting the church. As she steps into the moonlight, she transforms into hundreds of butterflies, presumably finding peace, as Victor and Victoria look on wrapped in each other's embrace.
tags: dark,  comedy,  gothic,  cult,  horror,  psychedelic,  romantic, 

title: Terror Train
synopsis: A large group of college students are at a bonfire for the New Year's Eve celebration. All of the pledges are wearing beanies, and one nerd-ish pledge named Kenny (Derek McKinnon) is sent by the fraternity president Doc (Hart Bochner) and his friends up to a room in the frat house where a sorority sister named Alana (Jamie Lee Curtis) is waiting in the doorway. Alana walks inside the bedroom and stands behind the canopy in the dark room. Kenny undressed, sits in bed, and realizes that he is sitting beside a bloated and rotting corpse. Kenny screams in terror and he stands up on the bed and is caught up in the canopy. Alana seems repulsed as Doc and a group of other students rush in and laugh at Kenny.Three years later. A large group of college kids are exiting a bus at a train station. They have a toast celebrating four great years at college as they prepare to board a charted old train for a New Year's Eve costume party. Carne (Ben Johnson), the lead conductor, has the students board the train while he organizes the route with the dispatcher. Carne helps a magician (David Copperfield) and his assistant carry their luggage on board, as a three-person band board the train for the excursion.Nearby, Ed (Howard Busgang) a prankster student and one of the ones involved in the prank against Kenny, walks around with a sword through his stomach. The other students laugh and think its another one of his practical jokes, but he falls down after the people walk away and board the train. An unseen person takes Ed's Groucho Marx costume and rolls his dead body under the train tracks. The train leaves and the lights at the deserted station are turned off. The killer is wearing Ed's costume as he moves around the train.Meanwhile, Mitchy (Sandee Currie) another one of the students involved in the prank against Kenny, is talking to Alana who is graduating early and hopes they will keep in touch.In the back of the train, the magician is talking to his blond assistant about the rowdy college kids and complaining about having to perform his illusions in front of them.In the lounge car, Doc is celebrating with his fellow frat brothers when one of them asks about the now abolished hog night and he mentions that something bad happened. Alana enters and tells them that they put a kid in the hospital who had a nervous breakdown due to Doc's prank three years ago. Alana then goes to her boyfriend Mo, also involved in the prank against Kenny, where they retire for some alone time.A little later, Mitchy sees 'Ed' and he follows her towards the sleeping berths. He nearly grabs her when Jackson, another of the students involved in the prank against Kenny, appears. Jackson is very inebriated and he offers 'Ed' a drink. In the nearby lavatory, the killer grabs Jackson, lifts up his mask for a second to let him see his face, and slams Jackson's head into the mirror. The killer then changes out of his Groucho Marx costume and leaves the lavatory.Meanwhile, Alana becomes angry when learning that the train party was Doc's idea after Mo told her that it was his. Two of the sorority sisters, Pet and Merry, show up where Pet thinks that her boyfriend, Ed, missed the train, and Alana argues with Mo about learning that Doc had set him up again. Carne, the conductor, shows Doc and Mitchy a car trick he learned form the magician (it is only a gag), and the couple waits for the occupied bathroom. After a few minutes, they leave to find another one.Later, the magician performs his show before the students and afterwards, the rock band appears to play. Alana talks with the geekish class president (who was a pledge in the opening scene). Meanwhile, Doc asks Mo where Jackson and Ed are. Mo does not know and when he asks where did he find the magician, Doc says that he did not hire a magician for the party and wonders who did.Alana tells Carne that someone may have been left behind, but Carne tells her that the train platform was empty when he viewed it prior to the train leaving. Mitchy hears this and tells them that she saw Ed earlier on the train. Frustrated at being unable to find their boyfriends Jackson and Ed, Merry and Pet approach Doc and Mo who offer to take them to consulting rooms as they are both med students.Carne goes off to have a talk with Walter, the engineer of the train, and the stoker, nicknamed Shovels, to ask for the time to reach their destination. Carne then tries his card gag on Charlie, the brake master, who does not understand the joke.Afterwards, Carne then goes to the locked door of the lavatory and knocks on it, asking if there is anyone inside for it has been locked for some time. He unlocks it with his master key and finds a dead Jackson lying on the floor, with blood everywhere. Carne checks and sees that his neck must have been slashed and he quietly locks it again. Carne then tells Walter and Charlie what he found saying there's a boy dead back there. After looking at a map of the area, they agree that the closest way out is straight ahead as the train is moving though rural and unpopulated wooded areas.Back in the showroom car, Mitchy mentions to Alana on the dance floor that she is leaving to be with Doc, and the magician, after looking at Alana, leaves in the same direction at Mitchy.Charlie arrives at the locked door to the lavatory and tells some girls passing by that it is out of order. Carne opens the door for him and the blood is gone and 'Jackson', wearing his alligator costume, is down on the floor moving. Carne thinks it was a practical joke and Mitchy walks by and leads 'Jackson' away.In Doc and Mo's room, Merry points out Kenny's photo in a yearbook. When Mo mentions about Kenny having a nervous breakdown, Doc yells at Mo not to talk about it, and Pet motions for Doc to keep quiet. Doc and Merry leave Mo alone with Pet.At the same time, Mitchy is with the killer still wearing Jackson's alligator costume, unaware of who it really is. Mitchy beckons him to join her in a berth bed as Merry and Doc walk by. Mitchy leans down and asks 'Jackson' to have her way with her. The killer takes off a glove and lays a hand on Mitchy's chest. She looks down and sees that it is Jackson's severed hand. She tries to scream, but the killer puts his real hand over her mouth.A little later, the magician approaches Alana and asks if she enjoyed his show, and he tries to woo her with more illusions such as the cigarette-through-a-quarter trick, and a levitating rose. Doc sees this and interrupts the conversation to tell Alana that Mo is waiting for her. Doc, for some reason, is not friendly towards the magician.Meanwhile, Carne finds one of Mitchy's shoes on the floor in the sleeping quarters and then finds Mitchy dead with her throat slit in one of the beds. He runs into Alana and asks her whose shoe he has. She goes to get Mo, but he ignores the knocking at his door for a rambunctious Pet is there with him. Carne gets Alana alone in the conductor car and tells her that Mitchy is dead and he shows her the body.The magician puts on a second show where he asks Merry to volunteer for some of his illusions. Doc continues acting in a rude tone around the magician and outright expresses skepticism to the show. After a few minutes, Doc sees Mo hanging his head out of apparent boredom and follows suit. When the magic show ends, Mo does not move or talk, and when Doc hits him, he falls over. Doc takes a closer look at Mo and sees that he is not breathing. Doc's screams for help are ignored by the crowd as they cheer for the magician and his assistant. Doc carries Mo through the train to Carne and Alana and they discover a large stab wound on his chest. Mo is dead.Finally aware that there may be a maniac killer on board the train, Carne checks the lavatory and discovers a bloodied rag that the killer used to clean up the mess after killing Jackson. Carne runs up to the engine room only to find Walter and Shovels both gone (only finding a bloody engineer's cap). Carne and Charlie pull the emergency breaks and, after a tense minute, stops the train. Carne leads the students off the train as he has the chief porter and several of his men look around the train for the killer. Outside, Carne has everyone take off their masks to get a look at all of them as the class president takes a roll call to see who is present.Alana suggests to Doc that the killer might be Kenny wanting to get back at all those involved in the prank against him three years earlier. She tells Doc that after the practical joke with the corpse, Kenny was taken away and when she went to the hospital psych ward later that night to visit him to apologize for the prank, the hospital staff would not let her see Kenny for he was kept in isolation because he had killed someone in the hospital after he was admitted. Doc thinks that with Ed, Jackson, Mo, and Mitchy dead, they are the only two ones left involved in the prank and they might be next.Doc takes Alana to a room and locks the doors. He shows her a yearbook and she sees that Kenny used to be a magician in high school. Alana wants to tell Carne about Kenny, but Doc refuses to let her leave. She gets out of the room and runs when a figure wielding an axe approaches her. But it is only Charlie the break master who tells her to go back outside with the others.Alone in the room, Doc checks every inch of the room from the lockers to the above berths. He sits down and then realizes that he forgot to check under the seats. He stands up and is grabbed by someone under his seat. He tries to escape, but a hand grabs his shoulder. He looks at the hand which has painted black fingernails and Mitchy's class ring. He settles down beliving that Mitchy is joking with him. But the killer pulls out a knife and puts it to his neck and slashes his throat.Carne takes the students back onto the train and has them all packed into the dining room car to sort out who the killer is. With no phone or radio and no roads around, they will have to travel to their destination to find help. Meanwhile, the magician's assistant arrives back in the showroom car and tells him about a killer lurking among them, and he scolds her for wondering around and going outside.As Carne has Charlie restart the train and as it gets underway again, Alana runs up to him and tells him that she thinks the killer is the magician. They go to get Doc, and Carne enters the dark cabin room to find it splattered with blood and he finds Doc with his head cut off in one of the berths.Carne assembles a small group of train porters who arm themselves with fire axes and crowbars. They quietly enter the magician's showroom car where they herd his assistant and all of the students out, and lock the door. The chief porter takes Alana to a compartment and offers to look after her while she rests. Having assembled all of the students into the tightly packed dining room car, Carne and his men enter the showroom car, but the magician is nowhere to be found.In the rooms compartment, the chief porter is sitting dead in a chair, having been stabbed with one of the magician's swords. The killer is now wearing Mitchy's black robe and old man's mask costume and, taking the axe off the dead porter, quietly enters Alana's room and swings the axe at the covers, but it is only an inflatable doll. Alana, anticipating the killer would do just that, jumps out of a closet and stabs the killer in the shoulder with a sword. But the killer gets back up and chases her to the conductors car, but loses his axe when he swings and misses Alana and it flies out a window. Deprived of his weapon, the killer and Alana struggle with him trying to choke Alana. Alana sprays the killer with a fire extinguisher and takes refuge in a caged area with a desk. She locks herself in, and the killer arms himself with a crowbar and knocks out all the lights in the compartment and attempts to pry the lock. But Alana stabs him in the face with a letter opener, kicks the door open and runs out. The killer chases Alana and, during another struggle, falls between the train cars. Carne and his men arrive and leads the wounded and shaken Alana away, unaware that the killer is holding onto the side of the train car.Later, as dawn begins to break, Alana sits alone in the back of the train in the show room and upon looking at the magician's folder and paperwork, finds the magician dead in a box, impaled with his swords. Alana screams, and runs out past the students and goes forward to the conductors compartment at the front of the train to find Carne and sees Charlie sitting at his desk. She tells him that the magician is dead and doesn't know who the killer is anymore. But the figure grabs her hands and she looks up and sees a masked person wearing Charlie's uniform. The killer has obviously killed Charlie, removed his uniform, and threw his body off the train for the side car door is slightly open. Alana asks the killer who he is, and he removes his mask, revealing a pasty white-faced Kenny (complete with a wound to his left cheek where she stabbed him earlier). Kenny then takes off his cap, revealing.... flowing blond hair (Kenny was the magician's female assistant). Kenny takes off his blond wig, removes his false teeth and wipes off his lipstick and white powder makeup. Alana tries to apologize to Kenny for her involvement in the prank, but he tells her that he always had a crush on her. He tells her to kiss him for he feels that Alana owes him just that for the past three years, and she reluctantly obeys. Suddenly, Kenny has a similar eerie reaction as the memory of the practical joke with the corpse comes right back to him. Alana backs away and Carne enters from the engine room with a shovel and sees Kenny reacting to his encounter with Alana. Carne hits Kenny with the shovel, and he falls out of the moving train though the open side door while it is passing a bridge. Kenny falls hundreds of feet and lands in an icy river far below as the train continues moving on.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  revenge,  sadist,  prank, 

title: Rear Window
synopsis: L.B. Jeff Jeffries (James Stewart) recuperates from a broken leg during a sweltering New York summer. As a successful photographer, he's known for taking difficult pictures no one else can get, including the one of an out-of-control race car which smashed his camera and broke his leg an instant after it was snapped. Jeffries lives in a small apartment, and spends his time in a wheelchair looking out the rear window into the courtyard of the building; he can also see into the lives of all his neighbors, catching glimpses of their daily routines. It's the sort of thing only an invalid might do, watching them eat, clean, sleep and argue. There's the girl who exercises in her underwear, the married couple who sleep on their small balcony to beat the heat, the struggling songwriter working at his piano; and there's the salesman who lives across the courtyard from Jeffries, the one with the nagging bedridden wife. They seem to fight all too often.Every day a therapist comes to visit Jeff, dispensing her mature wisdom and berating him for sitting there all day spying on his neighbors. Stella (Thelma Ritter) tells him she can smell trouble coming. He should get his mind off his neighbors and think about marrying that beautiful girlfriend of his. Jeff replies that he's not ready for marriage. Sure, she's a wonderful girl, but she's also a rich, successful socialite, and Jeff lives the life of a war correspondent, always on the go, usually living out his suitcase and often in an unpleasant environment. It's not the life he wants to offer her. Well says Stella, that girl is packed with love for you right down to her fingertips.That Girl arrives shortly after Stella leaves. Lisa Carol Fremont (Grace Kelly) breezes in wearing a stunning satin dress, looking every inch the beautiful socialite she is, and obviously very much in love with Jeff. They have dinner, but soon enough the conversation turns to the future, and they quarrel. Jeff sees no way they can reconcile their different lifestyles, and she walks to the door, telling him goodbye. When will I see you again? asks Jeffries.Not for a long time, she replies sadly. At least, not until tomorrow night.The night drags by, and it's too hot for Jeffries to sleep. It starts to rain. He dozes in his wheelchair by the window, but notices activity across the yard. The salesman goes out carrying his heavy silver sample case, and Jeffries looks at his watch: it's 2:00am. The blinds in the bedroom are drawn, so Jeffries can't see the wife. Later, the salesman returns, lifting the case easily, as if it were empty. Twice more he goes out in the rain in the middle of the night, lugging the heavy case, but coming home with it lighter. Intrigued, Jeffries wonders what the salesman is doing, but he finally dozes off around daybreak.Discussing the incident with Stella, and then later with Lisa, they all begin to watch the salesman. With the blinds now open, they can see that the wife is gone. Jeffries pulls out his binoculars, and then a large telephoto lens to get a better look. They watch as he goes into the kitchen and cleans a large knife and saw. Later, he ties a large packing crate with heavy rope, and has moving men come and haul the crate away. Stella runs around the front of the building to catch the name of the moving company, but misses the truck. By now they're all thinking the same thing; there's foul play going on, and the missing wife has been murdered by the salesman. They check his name on the front of the building: Lars Thorwald (Raymond Burr).Jeffries calls in an old Army buddy - Thomas J. Doyle (Wendell Corey) who's now a detective, and explains the situation to him. Naturally he doesn't believe a word of it, and tells Jeffries to stick to photography. After further checking, the detective finds that Mrs. Thorwald is in the country, has sent a postcard to her husband, and the packing crate they had seen was full of her clothes. Chastened, they all admit to being a little ghoulish, even disappointed when they find out there wasn't a murder after all. Jeffries and Lisa settle down for an evening alone, but soon a scream pierces the courtyard. One of the neighbors had a little dog they would let roam around the yard, and now it's dead with it's neck is broken. It had been digging in Thorwald's small flower garden. All of the neighbors rush to their windows to see what's happened, except for one. Jeffries notices that Thorwald sits unmoving in his dark apartment, with only the tip of his cigarette glowing.Shortly after the dog is found dead, Jeff notices a change in Thorwald's small flower garden in the courtyard: using a slide he'd taken about two weeks before he discovers that the zinnia that the dog had been digging around is now a few inches shorter. Jeff suspects that Thorwald had buried something there & had dug it up after murdering the dog. Convinced that Thorwald is guilty after all, they slip a letter under his door asking What have you done with her? and then watch his reaction. Lisa delivers the note and slips away before Thorwald can find her. When she returns to the apartment, excited, Jeff has a look of excitement on his face as well, realizing that Lisa is a courageous woman who likely could accompany him in his adventurous life.Calling Thorwald's apartment, Jeffries tells Thorwald to meet him at a bar down the street, as a pretext to getting him out of the apartment. When Thorwald leaves, Lisa and Stella grab a shovel and start digging, but after a few minutes, they find nothing.Refusing to give up, Lisa climbs the fire escape to Thorwald's apartment and squeezes in an open window, much to Jeffries' alarm. Rummaging around the apartment, Lisa finds Mrs. Thorwald's purse and wedding ring, things she surely would never have left behind on a trip. She holds them up for Jeffries to see, but he can only watch in terror as Thorwald comes back up the stairs to the apartment. Lisa is trapped.Calling the police as Thorwald goes in, he and Stella watch helplessly as Lisa tries to hide, but is found by Thorwald moments later. They see her try to talk her way out, but Thorwald grabs and begins to assault her. Terrified by their helplessness, they can only watch as he turns out the lights and listen as Lisa screams for help. The police arrive and beat on Thorwald's door, saving Lisa just in time.Jeffries watches from across the courtyard as the police question Lisa, then arrest her. Her back is to him, and he see her hands behind her back pointing to Mrs. Thorwald's ring, which is now on her finger. Thorwald sees this as well, and realizing that she's signaling to someone across the way, looks up directly at Jeffries with murderous understanding.Pulling back into the dark, Jeffries calls his detective friend, who agrees to help get Lisa out of jail, and is now convinced that Thorwald is guilty of something. Stella takes all the cash they have for bail and heads for the police station. Jeffries is left alone, and looking back over to Thorwald's apartment, he sees all the lights are off. Down below, he hears the door to his own building slam shut, then slow footsteps begin climbing the stairs. Thorwald is coming for him, and he's trapped in his wheelchair.Looking for a weapon, he can find only the flash for his camera. He grabs a box of flashbulbs, and under his door he watches the hall lights go off. Footsteps stop outside his door, then it slowly opens. Thorwald stands in the dark looking at Jeffries. Who are you? he says heavily. What do you want from me? Jeffries doesn't answer, but as Thorwald comes for him he sets off the flash, blinding Thorwald for a few seconds.He is slowed but not stopped, and Jeffries keeps setting off flashbulbs in Thorwald's face, but he finally fumbles his way to Jeffries' wheelchair, then grabs him and pushes him towards the open window. Fighting to stay alive, Jeffries cannot stop Thorwald, and is pushed out. Hanging onto the ledge, yelling for help, he sees Lisa, the detective and the police all rush in. Thorwald is pulled back, but it's too late; Jeffries slips and falls just as the police run up beneath him. Luckily, they break his fall, and Lisa sweeps him up in her arms. Thorwald confesses to the murder of his wife, and the police take him away.A few days later the heat has lifted. The camera pans across the other apartments, and there is an amusing end-tale for each one. Jeffries sleeps peacefully in his wheelchair, now with two broken legs from the fall. Lisa reclines happily next to him, now wearing blue jeans and a simple blouse, and reading a camping book. She smiles at him as he sleeps, but pulls out a hidden fashion magazine from under the cushion.
tags: mystery,  suspenseful,  horror,  murder,  claustrophobic, 

title: Zombieland
synopsis: Earth's population has been decimated by a virus, related to the mad cow disease, that turns everyone into flesh-craving zombies. Only a handful of humans remain, including Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg), a student at the University of Texas trying to make his way to his home town of Columbus, OH, where he hopes his parents are still alive. Columbus has long been an outsider and somewhat phobic, which he uses to his advantage in avoiding zombies. In fact, zombies are not his greatest fear: clowns are.While walking down the highway, he encounters Tallahassee (Woody Harrelson), driving an Escalade. He is trying to get to Florida and kill as many zombies as he can on the way, and he is also on a quest to find a Twinkie. Tallahassee agrees to give Columbus a ride as far as Texarkana. When they stop at a grocery store in hopes of finding Tallahassee's coveted Twinkies, they fight off three zombies then find two teenage girls, Wichita (Emma Stone) and her younger sister, Little Rock (Abigail Breslin) in the store room. Little Rock is apparently bitten and asks them to kill her. Columbus gives Wichita his shotgun, which she then uses to rob Tallahassee and Columbus of their remaining weapons and the Escalade. Little Rock is fine, and she drives away with Wichita. Wichita and Little Rock have been on their own since before the zombie holocaust, using Wichita's good looks to swindle money so they could travel to Los Angeles.Columbus and Tallahassee find a Hummer with a duffel bag full of guns. They drive west because Tallahassee wants to get revenge on Wichita and Little Rock. They eventually find the Escalade broken down. Talahasse goes to investagate and tells Columbus to stay down the road in case of trouble. He goes to the Escalade and finds that it is empty. He gives a signal for Columbus to drive down and pick him up, and as he gets in, the girls pop out from the backseat. After a standoff, they agree to travel together. Wichita and Little Rock hope to make it to an amusement park near Los Angeles that is rumored to be zombie-free. Wichita confides to Columbus that she knows the rumor is bogus but she will do anything for Little Rock. Columbus then says he needs to go his own way, in hopes of finding his family. As he is about to leave, he decides against it and stays.When they arrive in Hollywood, they dodge zombies and use a map of stars' homes to find Bill Murray (Bill Murray)'s residence. Aghast that Little Rock has no idea who Bill Murray is, Columbus takes her to Murray's private screening room to watch Ghostbusters, and also to inquire if Wichita has a boyfriend. Tallahassee and Wichita continue to look around and come upon a very much alive Bill Murray. He has managed to survive by disguising himself as a zombie, which allows him to to roam the city freely because zombies won't attack their own kind. After play acting scenes from Ghostbusters, they decide to scare Columbus as a joke. Caught off-guard, Columbus shoots and kills Murray.During a game of Monopoly, Tallahassee breaks down and reveals that he lost his young son, Buck, to the zombies. While he and Little Rock take out their pain by shooting fine art, Columbus and Wichita get drunk. They almost kiss but are interrupted by Tallahassee. The next morning, Wichita and Little Rock leave, afraid that any further bonds will break their sisterly bond. They go the amusement park. Believing it is deserted, they turn on the all the power and everything in the park turns on and lights up. However, the noise and lights attracts zombies from the surrounding area. The girls manage to get to temporary safety atop one of the rides.Columbus announces he is going after Wichita and Little Rock. Tallahassee plans to go to Mexico but agrees to save the girls with Columbus. They get to the amusement park and see that zombies have trapped Wichita and Little Rock atop the ride. While Tallahassee runs throughout the park to distract and kill as many zombies as he can, Columbus faces and dispatches the ultimate fear: a zombie clown. He then helps Wichita and Little Rock down off the tower. Wichita embraces Columbus and tells him her real name. (Krysta)Columbus goes looking for Tallahassee and finds him in a resturant looking for twinkies. They hear a noise in the closet and Talahassee fires at the door. As they open the door, they discover he has shot the box of twinkies and none of them survived the blast. They leave the resturant and the girls show up in a Hummer, and Little rock throws Talahasse a twinkie she found. He eats it within seconds.The four of them realize they have made a new family and drive off looking for a new home.
tags: dark,  comedy,  violence,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  clever,  comic,  romantic,  entertaining, 

title: Unbreakable
synopsis: The film opens as we see a baby being born in west Philadelphia. This is Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson). Elijah is so brittle that he is born with broken arms and legs. As he grows older, he is taunted at school and called Mr. Glass by his classmates since he is so fragile. As an adult, he runs a successful high priced comic book art gallery specializing in original drawings of super heroes.David Dunn (Bruce Willis) is a security guard at the local college stadium. His marriage is crumbling and in fact, his wife, Audrey Dunn (Robin Wright Penn), sleeps downstairs in their son's room, and David sleeps upstairs with his son (Spencer Treat Clark).On his way back home from a job interview in New York, David's train malfunctions and derails, killing everyone on board except David. He doesn't even have a scratch. After the memorial service for the crash victims, David finds a note on his windshield. It's from a store named Limited Edition (Elijah's store) and the note asks, How many days of your life have you been sick?David asks his boss and his wife but no one can ever remember him being sick. David takes his son to Limited Edition where he meets Elijah.Elijah explains his theory to David...
If Elijah can be born with brittle bones and very easily hurt, shouldn't there be someone the exact opposite? Elijah has researched every disaster to find a sole survivor without a scratch but has had no luck. After years of searching, he finally has found one in David Dunn.David thinks it's interesting but really just thinks Elijah is nuts. Back at the stadium, David gets a call that there is someone there trying to sneak in and asking for David. It's Elijah and he starts explaining his comic book theories to David. Theories about everyday men being super heroes, having powers they haven't yet realized and so on. David bumps into a guy in line and tells the security at the end of the line to start frisking people. They watch as the guy David bumped in to, sees everyone being frisked and leaves the line. Elijah asks David what that was all about and David tells him that when he bumped him, he had an image of a certain kind of handgun.David goes back to work but Elijah follows the guy David bumped into. They go down a long flight of stairs, Elijah falls shattering his leg and breaking several other bones but the last thing he sees is the man's handgun, just as David described it. Elijah was right, David does have some kind of special gift.Back at home, David is working out in the basement with his weight set. His son believed everything Elijah said about David being a hero with a special gift. David still doesn't believe. David asks his son to take some weight off but without him knowing, he puts more weight on. David lifts 250 lbs, the most he's ever done. His son continues putting on more weight until David is now up to 350lbs. He has had all this strength all along that he never knew.Elijah needs his leg rehabbed and his nurse is Audrey, David's wife. Elijah asks her questions about her and David and she explains to him how when they were going out, David was a star football player but got in a car accident due to icy roads. David never played football again. It was because of that, that she and David were married. Had he continued to play, she knows they would have grown apart.Back at work, David gets a call from his son's school that his son has been hurt. His son had hoped that some of David's super hero traits had rubbed off on him. He tried to protect someone that was being picked on and instead got hurt in the process. The school nurse remembers David from when he was at that same school. In fact, it was because of David that they have strict rules about the pool. It seems that David had been picked on near the pool when he was a student there. He fell in and was left in the pool to drown. He was found at the bottom of the pool but somehow survived.David tells this story to Elijah, that in fact, David can get hurt. Elijah tells him that every super hero has a weakness. David's kryptonite is water. The water from the pool and the water from the icy roads.David's wife decides that him surviving the train crash is a sign that maybe they should give their marriage another try. They go out on a date and he explains to her that he felt their marriage was over when he stopped waking her up after he had a bad dream.The next night, David breaks into the train station and examines some of the wrecked trains. He starts recalling his own car crash from years earlier and remembers that he wasn't hurt at all. In fact, he had to use his superhuman strength to rescue Audrey from the flaming vehicle.He goes to Elijah and tells him he is right, he has never been sick or injured in any way. Elijah tells him that it's no coincidence that David is in the security field. He needs to go to where people are and protect them.It's a rainy day and David, wearing a hooded rain poncho heads to Penn station. Hundreds of people are passing by. Whenever someone bumps into David he has a vision of that person doing something evil. One is a jewel thief, another a rapist, but when the maintenance man bumps into him, David gets a horrible vision. The vision is of the man going to someone's home and killing the homeowner.David, still wearing the poncho now looking more and more like a super hero's cape, follows the guy as he leaves work. The guy goes to a nice house in a nice neighborhood. David sneaks in the back and finds the dead homeowner inside. He goes upstairs and rescues two sisters tied up in their bathroom. He goes into another room and finds the mother tied up. The window is open and David looks out. When he turns back around, there is the maintenance worker who pushes David out the window. David lands on the backyard pool that has its winter cover on. Suddenly, the cover starts collapsing with David's weight and he gets all tangled up underwater with the cover. He is drowning again but the two sisters force a pole down to him and David grabs it and is saved.David heads back upstairs and wrestles with the guy and finally kills him by breaking his neck.The next scene is David back at home, hanging up his cape, er um.. poncho, and carrying his sleeping wife upstairs to their bed. She wakes up and asks him what is wrong. I had a bad dream he says.In the morning while having breakfast, David slides the newspaper over to his son and holds a finger to his mouth to shush him. The headline tells of a mystery hero that saved the two girls. The picture is an artist's rendition of what the girls saw. It shows a superhero-like figure with a hood and cape. The boy looks up at his dad and David just smiles and nods.David goes to Elijah's gallery where Elijah is having a huge gathering for a special show. He and David go to Elijah's back office so they can discuss what had happened. Elijah has been in a wheelchair since his fall. He is real proud of David and they shake hands.Suddenly...Just like Christopher Walken in Stephen King's The Dead Zone, while shaking hands, David has a vision of Elijah setting a building on fire, another vision of Elijah causing a plane crash and finally, a vision of Elijah exiting the driving compartment of David's train that crashed. David looks around Elijah's office and is horrified at what he sees. Newspaper clippings of hundreds of disasters from around the world. Elijah is the mastermind behind all these events and has staged them for his own selfish benefit.Just like in the comics, every evil villian needs a worthy adversary and Elijah has finally found his.David backs away in horror as Elijah, who in his wheelchair now looks more like Professor X of the X-men, proclaims...They call me Mr. Glass!Just before the final credits, a message appears that says that David contacted the authorities and Elijah is now in a mental institution.
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  good versus evil,  plot twist,  storytelling, 

title: The Mutilator
synopsis: A woman is seen working on a birthday cake in the kitchen. In another room, her young son puts a sign on a gun cabinet reading: 'Happy Birthday, Daddy. All cleaned by me'. The boy takes out one rifle to polish. He playfully aims the gun and pulls the trigger, and a single bullet shoots right through the door and hits his mother in the back, killing her instantly. The woman's husband returns and sees his dead wife. He violently hits his son, and the boy runs outside while the man drags his dead wife to the living room. He sits with the dead body, has a drink from his large liquor cabinet and puts his son's sign on his wife's corpse. The little boy watches from the kitchen.Several years later, the young boy, named Ed, is drinking with friends at a local dive bar and they are complaining about their monotonous fall break from college. Ed then gets a phone call from his father and Pam tells the others about the accident when Ed shot his mother which drove his father crazy. Ed's father, known as Big Ed, is a hunter and survivalist and has always been hard on both his wife and only son. Since the death of Ed's mother was ruled an accident, the memory of it has always hanged on him. Ed's father tells him over the phone that he wants to close the condo for the upcoming winter. After Ed tells his friends that making the job will sound simple, they suggest going there for their fall break. Ed, Pam, Ralph, Sue, Mike and Linda jump into Ed's car and drive off.At the beachfront condo house, the group finds the door open and many empty beer bottles inside. Big Ed is nowhere to be found. Pam wants to report it to the authorities, but Ed tells her that the cops are usually not around and the beach patrol enforces the law. They go to his father's trophy room and find various stuffed animal heads from Big Ed's years of hunting, as well as a gaff and a photograph of a dead bloody guy (Ed's dad ran over him with a ski boat). Ed tells them all about his father being a big game hunter and survivalist who was always obsessed with his guns and other weapons he kept around the house. Ed shows them a pyramid stinger in the wall and tells them of a throwing contest between his father and friends. Pam points out an empty space on the wall, and Ed says that his father's battle axe used to be there. Pam thinks that the ax may have been stolen, so Ed tells her that he will call his father in the morning to ask about the condo and the missing axe.Meanwhile, Ed's disheveled father is in the garage having been woken up from a slumber, and gripping the axe. Big Ed dreams of choking, shooting, and slicing the throat of his young son whom he apparently still blames for the death of his wife. Big Ed hides when Linda and Mike enter the garage to look at things around the room, but they are called by inside before they can open the door where Big Ed is hiding.That evening, after dinner, Pam's dusty roaster shows that she and Ed are cleaning up. Mike and Linda go for a walk on the beach while the others play a board game in the living room. Pam becomes worried about Mike and Linda being gone for quite a while, so they all go out to look for them on the beach.Mike and Linda find a heated swimming pool in the courtyard area of an unoccupied house down the beach. So they strip down and dive into the water. While they are playfully splashing around, Linda is pulled underwater and drowned; her body is taken away without Mike seeing anything. Mike gets out and sees that all his clothes are missing. He follows a trail of his own clothes, puts them on as he goes along and finally sees Linda's bra near the garage and says I think I'm getting your message. He checks the door with Linda's hanging panties; another door opens to reveal Big Ed who uses a boat's motor blades to slice open Mike's chest.Ben, an officer of the beach patrol, finds the others where they tell him that they are staying at Big Ed's place and that someone may have broken into the house. Ben goes to the beach condo and looks around, but he is soon beheaded by Big Ed using his battle axe.Ed Jr. and the rest of his friends decide to go back to the house and decide to play 'Blind Man's Bluff'. Sue offers to be first, so the other three go outside and drink a beer as Sue turns off the lights and hides. They finish their beer and go back inside, and Big Ed sneaks out and goes around to the back of the house. Pam finds Sue hiding behind the cooler and hides next to her under the kitchen table. Ralph finds them both and hides, while Big Ed wonders around the house and walks right pass them (neither of the teens are aware to who it really is). Ed Jr. finally ends the game by walking into the kitchen and offering everyone a beer. His murderous father walks outside unnoticed.A little later, everyone goes to bed for the night. Ralph and Sue are kissing on the bed having foreplay, until she tells him that they forgot to lock the front door. Ralph leaves to find Linda and Mike, and he goes to open the garage door thinking that they are inside. He finds Linda's panties and throws a pyramid stinger at the door and hits it. Big Ed suddenly opens the door and jumps out and stabs Ralph in his throat with a pitchfork. Pam hears a noise and tries to wake Ed. Sue goes looking for Ralph, and Big Ed gets inside and takes the gaff off the wall. Pam finally wakes up Ed, and they go looking for the others and find Sue, who says she does not know where Ralph is. They split up to look. Sue is then grabbed by Big Ed, who drags her to the garage and gorily chops her up with his battle axe.Pam and Ed enter the garage and find their dead friends, all hanging by hooks on a wall as kill trophies. They see the shadow of an approaching Big Ed, and Ed Jr. throws Pam into a room. He and Big Ed struggle with each other until Big Ed gets the upper hand and knocks down his son and ties his hands and feet together. Big Ed lifts the axe to kill Ed, but Pam runs out to throw things at Big Ed. The man shoves part of his axe into Ed's leg, and Pam tosses a pyramid stinger at him, hitting his forehead. She then picks up a knife and stabs Big Ed in his chest. Pam then frees Ed and they decide to run to the car to try to get away, but the convertible won't start. Suddenly, Big Ed appears atop the car and begins axing through the top to get at them. He grabs Ed, but Pam burns him with the car's cigarette lighter just as Ed finally manages to start the engine and backs out, knocking Big Ed off the roof. Big Ed then tries to get back on the car's back trunk and Pam throws the car into reverse, crushing him into two pieces.A little later, the police arrive and as they are taking Ed and Pam's statements and hauling the dead bodies out of the garage into body bags. As a cop comes over to inspect Big Ed's remains, the top half of the killer jumps up to cut the officer up with the axe just before he finally expires.In the final scene, Ed goes to see Pam in the hospital and they observe a moment of silence.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: It Came from Outer Space
synopsis: A fireball streaks across the desert sky and crashes. We see an aerial view of Sand Rock, Arizona in the late evening in the early spring. Inside an isolated ranch house outside of town we meet John Putnam (Richard Carlson) and his girlfriend Ellen Fields (Barbara Rush). He is an amateur astronomer, she the local school teacher. They sit in front of a fire in his partially completed home enjoying a cup of coffee. They walk outside to take in the night air when they spot the meteor from the opening shot.From inside the crater, by the old Excelsior Mine, we see a sphere partially exposed that looks like a soccer ball. A hexagonal shaped door opens and we see some weird machinery and in shadow one of the occupants--a single eyed blob of a creature. It exits the ship and explores the desert leaving in its wake a shimmery trail.John and Ellen charter Pete Davis (Dave Willock) to take them to the crater in his helicopter. They circle the crater and land near the rim. The three climb to the top and peer inside. John walks down to the floor of the newly formed crater insisting that Ellen and Pete stay up on the rim. John sees the ship partially buried in the side of the mine, and also notices the shimmery substance near the exit of the ship. He stretches his hand out to touch the glowing material, but hesitates when he notices something inside the ship and stands up to face it. The door closes and slams shut triggering an avalanche of loose debris, burying the ship and almost killing John. John climbs back out of the crater and explains what he saw, but Ellen and Pete do not believe him.Two cars approach the crater. Pete and Ellen beg John not to discuss what he saw--they think he was imagining it. Sheriff Matt Warren (Charles Drake) and Dave Loring (Alan Dexter), who runs the local newspaper, arrive on the scene. John starts to relay his story and the disbelief and ridicule starts. Three more cars arrive at the crater. John, Ellen, and Pete fly back to the airport. John and Ellen drive back to his house. Along the way they are being observed. They encounter the creature on the highway as it appears to block their path on the road. John pulls to the side of the road thinking they hit it. Finding nothing they continue down the road.The next morning the crater is a buzz of activity. A KLTV television news van pulls up. The Sheriff's office has set up a cordon around the crater admitting only authorized personnel. The military has sent a small group out to explore. John and Ellen arrive only to be hounded by the press. John is there to meet with Dr. Snell. Dugan (Robert Carson) from American Press, and Lober (Dick Pinner) from Press Dispatch want to question John about the Sand Rock Star newspaper headline, Star Gazer Sees Martians. They get no answers and turn their attention to Ellen, who is equally reluctant to talk to the press. John walks down into the crater to talk to Dr. Snell (George Eldredge). His assistant, Bob (Bradford Jackson) is taking radioactivity measurements, but finds none. Snell is convinced it was just a meteor, and refuses Johns request to dig it out. As John heads back to his car, where Ellen was patiently waiting, he is confronted by Matt. He has known Ellen a long time and is concerned about her involvement with John. He is jealous. John and Ellen drive off.As they are driving the see the county telephone linemen, George (Russell Johnson), and his boss, Frank (Joe Sawyer). John asks them if they've seen anything. Frank tells them he's hearing something very strange on the wires. Frank and George head down the road and encounter the creature. As he exits the truck, George is attacked and globbed or absorbed. John and Ellen suspect something is wrong and turn around and head back in the same direction that George and Frank took. They find the empty telephone truck on the side of the road. John retrieves his gun from the car and they begin their search, starting with the truck. John notices blood on the truck door and the shimmery trail, a telltale sign of the xenomorph. George appears to them, but is behaving very strangely. John notices Frank's arm on the ground, unmoving, the rest of his body is hidden behind a boulder. John and Ellen head back to town to get the Sheriff. John states his conclusion that Frank is dead, and it appears that George was the perpetrator. The xenomorph, now masquerading as George explains things to the human George and Frank.The Sheriff reluctantly agrees to accompany John and Ellen back out to where they encountered George and Frank, but when they arrive the truck and any evidence is gone. The three drive back to town. The Sheriff returns to his office, but John notices George and Frank walking through town. John follows and confronts them. They warn John not to interfere.Back at the Excelsior Mine, miners Sam (Edgar Dearing) and Toby (Warren MacGregor) are building a fire just outside the mine opening. They are waiting for Tom (George Selk) to return with food. Tom and his mule are just about back to the mine when the mule is spooked, and runs off. Tom turns around and is confronted by the xenomorph and is globbed or absorbed. Sam and Toby think they hear something in the mine and enter it. As they exit the mine they are met by the creature and are also a globbed.John and Ellen are summoned to see the Sheriff that evening. Frank's wife (Virginia Mullen) and George's girlfriend Jane Dean (Kathleen Hughes) have reported them acting strangely and now missing. Their clothes are also missing. The sheriff questions John because he appears to be the last one to have spoken to either of them. Ellen takes Mrs. Daylon and Jane home in John's car. John stays with Matt to discuss the situation; he tells Matt that Frank and George are in fact the creatures from the space craft stuck in the crater. The sheriff tells John that electrical equipment has been stolen from the hardware store and that Dr. Snell and his assistant, Bob, have been reported missing. John and Matt go out to the crater and find Dr. Snell's car, but no trace of Snell or Bob.Ellen is driving alone on the highway when she encounters Frank standing in the middle of the highway. She stops and he gets into the car. Frank instructs Ellen to take him to the mine. Back at the Sheriff's office, the phone rings. It is for John, and he is informed that the xenomorphs have Ellen. The Sheriff and John drive out into the desert. John exits the car and searches for Ellen. He sees what appears to be Ellen on a ridgeline in a cocktail dress. He follows her. She leads him to the opening to the mine shaft. A voice from inside the mine tells John that they are repairing their ship and will be leaving that night. The missing townsfolk are being held hostage. John begs to see the creature as it really is. It shows itself and John is horrified and repelled. He returns to see Matt who has been waiting by the car. Matt drops John off at his house. John notices the door unlocked and a shimmering trail leading back to an empty closed. All of his clothes are missing.The Sheriff gives orders to clear everyone away from the crater. John tells Matt that he got a visit and his clothes are missing. Frank appears in town just outside the Sheriff's office. Matt is spoiling for a confrontation with the creature impersonating the lineman, but John restrains him. They fight. Frank drives off in his telephone truck. The Sheriff forms an impromptu posse as John steals his police car and heads off to the crater. The Sheriff intends to confront Frank on the highway. Taking a shortcut through the desert, he forms a vehicle barricade across the highway. As Frank approaches, the posse opens fire. The truck careens off the highway and hits a boulder and bursts into flame. Meanwhile John arrives at the mine entrance and enters. He finds alien Ellen. She tells John they only need a few more hours. She then attacks him with a wand that emits a beam that cuts through rock, but misses. He shoots her with his gun and she falls into a lake below and dissolves. The posse arrives outside as John continues his exploration of the old mine. He hears machinery and finds the aliens in their human form making repairs to their ship. The head xenomorph has assumed John's identity. He explains their mission and the equipment's power. John demands Ellen's release as a sign of good faith. Alien John reciprocates by ordering all the hostages released. As they depart the mine, alien John resumes his alien form. John seals the mine entrance with dynamite to keep the posse away from the aliens. The ground begins to rumble and the ship departs, streaking across the sky.
tags: horror, 

title: The Conjuring
synopsis: In 1971, Carolyn and Roger Perron move into a dilapidated, old farmhouse in Harrisville, Rhode Island with their five daughters. During the first day, the family moves in smoothly except for the dog, who refuses to come into the house. That night, the children play a game called hide-and-clap; while playing, one of the daughters finds the boarded up entrance to a cellar. After Roger inspects the basement with a match, the family goes to bed. Carolyn expresses concern because the dog is barking outside, and one of the daughters feels someone pulling at her feet.In the morning, Carolyn wakes up with a mysterious bruise and their dog Sadie, is found dead. Over the next couple of days, various paranormal activities occur; doors open and close seemingly by themselves and Carolyn hears clapping when nobody is there. At night, their young daughter Cindy sleepwalks into the eldest daughter's bedroom, where she bangs her head repeatedly against an old wardrobe. The activity culminates in the eldest daughter being attacked by a spirit that looks like an elderly woman.
Carolyn seeks the help of Ed and Lorraine Warren, noted paranormal investigators, to validate their concerns. Lorraine senses that a particular malevolent spirit has latched on to the family. They conduct an initial investigation, and conclude they should get involved, explaining to the Perron family that the house may require an exorcism. However, this cannot be done without further evidence and authorization from the Catholic Church.During the process of researching the house's history, Ed and Lorraine find out that the house belonged to an accused witch, Bathsheba. When Bathsheba's husband caught her sacrificing their week-old infant, she climbed to the top of a tree on the property, cursed all those who would take her land, and proclaimed her love for Satan before committing suicide. This is followed by reports found of numerous murders and suicides in houses that have since been built upon the property.Ed and Lorraine return to the house with a police officer, and another paranormal investigator, Drew. They set up thermal cameras, and alarm systems throughout the house in an attempt to prove the spirit of Bathsheba is inhabiting the house and receive authorization from the Catholic Church. For the first night, nothing happens, and the clocks do not stop at 3:07AM. The next day, they all eat breakfast together and Roger Perron thanks Ed Warren for doing what they can to help. Ed explains that with every exorcism they do, a little piece of his wife Lorraine is taken, but he promises they will do what they can to help them.During another night of investigation, nothing seems to happen until nightfall, when Cindy begins to sleepwalk again. While walking upstairs, thermal cameras observe a temperature drop around her as she enters into the wardrobe, whereupon the door slams shut behind her. The others force their way into the room and find a secret passage behind the wardrobe. After Cindy is taken out, Lorraine enters the wardrobe and falls through the floor boards down into the cellar. There, she sees the spirits of people whom Bathsheba has possessed, and realizes Bathsheba's purpose: to possess mothers and use them to kill their children.After Lorraine escapes the cellar, she and Ed take their evidence to Father Gordan to organize an exorcism while the Perron family takes refuge at a hotel. Their relief is interrupted when Carolyn suddenly drives back to the house with two of the daughters. Ed and Lorraine rush to the house, where they find Roger and the police officer struggling with Carolyn as she tries to stab one of her daughters with a pair of scissors. Ed suggests they call the priest, but Lorraine reminds him that the priest is too far away, forcing Ed to perform the exorcism himself. While the others hold the tormented Carolyn down, Ed continues the exorcism.Carolyn seemingly stops struggling, and for a brief moment it seems the excorism was successful. Suddenly, her chairs flips over end and she is held upside down. Ed yells for the demon to put her down, and after a few tense moments, she is released onto the ground. Ed rushes over to Carolyn, and tells the demon to leave her body. Carolyn slowly turns to Ed and says, She's already gone..Meanwhile, Drew finds April hiding under the floorboards in the kitchen. He yells down the cellar that he found her, and this alerts the Demon inside Carolyn and she dashes up cellar stairs to find April, in order to complete the sacrifice. Ed and Lorraine Warren, along with Roger, rush up the stairs after her in order to stop her from going through with it. The possessed Carolyn chases after April thru a tunnel underneath the floorboards. Carolyn grabs a hold of April, but at the same time, Lorraine reaches down through the floor and grabs Carolyns head. She tells Carolyn to remember how much her family means to her, and to remember what she told her about how special they were to her and that they mean the world to her, and what she would leave behind if she went through with it. This seems to get through to Carolyn, as her face relaxes, and her breathing returns to normal. The demonic presence in her eyes seems to fade, and she puts April down.The scene changes to Carolyn being helped out of the front door, to a now sunny morning. As she crosses from threshold of the door into the sunlight, the bruises on her skin fade away and she returns to her normal self. Roger and Carolyn rejoice with their family in the front yard, embracing one another, knowing that it's finally over.After they ward off the demon at the Perron household, the Warrens return to their home. The scene cuts to Ed Warren entering his room of possessed objects and artifacts. He places the old music box from the house on an empty space on a shelf. Lorraine enters the room, and they leave together. After a few seconds, the music box starts to play on its own, and the camera slowly pans back to the music box. The camera zooms in on the mirror of the open music box, and the music slowly comes to a stop. The screen cuts to black, and the credits roll.
tags: paranormal,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  suspenseful,  prank, 

title: La bestia uccide a sangue freddo
synopsis: On a dark evening, a person wearing a hood and dark cloak approaches a large rural villa which has been converted into an asylum. The person admires some antique weapons on a wall, selects an axe and heads upstairs. In one room, an apparently agitated Cheryl is tossing and turning in her bed. She presses the buzzer for the attendants, the lights come on and the person runs away.The next morning, Ruth is being driven to the clinic. Ruth's husband, who is driving, her tells her to think of her stay there as a vacation and that she can be back with the children. Ruth in an apparent suicide attempt, grabs the wheel and tries to run them off the road.At the clinic, as a few attendants an patients play croquet in the front yard, Helen, a nurse, talks to resident Mara and tells her that she seems to be improving, She says she is there to help Mara, like a friend.Ruth is dropped off as a man leads her into the building. She tries to whack him with a heavy stick but is stopped.Meanwhile, Dr. Francis Clay asks Dr. Austin about the possibility of Cheryl being cured. Outside, Anne tries to follow the gardener, who is walking away from the clinic, but she is called back by Austin, who talks to her of her impulsive and excessive sexual desires.Mr. Hume, Cheryl's husband, talks of a company needing Cheryl back and of her return in one week. Francis says that Cheryl's suicidal urges may relapse, but Hume thinks that his wife only needs some rest.Meanwhile, Anne talks to Peter; he has been told by the doctors that she is getting better. Anne says that no one can calm her passions like Peter, but Peter is evidently not as sexually interested in the way that Anne seems to remember.Later that evening, as the attendants and patents sit in a room to mingle and play cards and board games, Anne sneaks out the front door and runs to the greenhouse. The hooded and cloaked person is outside, and after nurse walks by (seeing and ignoring the person), she is beheaded with a scythe.Anne sees the gardener, takes off all her clothes, approaches him and seduces him into having sex with her. Meanwhile, Helen goes to Mara's room and tells her that she can join the others if she wants and says that she will check on her later. Dr. Austin is told that Anne is missing, and the attendants go to find her.Cheryl asks Francis if, when outside, she will be like she was before, and the doctor tells her that she has been cured. Cheryl asks to see Francis afterwards.After having sex with Anne, the gardener tells her that she must leave for he will suffer the consequences of their tryst. Anne does not want to leave, so the gardener smack her. Anne hits him back, calmly puts her clothes back on and leaves. She walks over and kisses the male attendants that find her until Austin calls her to stop.The killer goes back inside the clinic, gets a knife, and unlocks Ruth's door as she sleeps. The knife is places in her hand, as the killer takes off his hood and Ruth awakens. She goes for the killer with the knife, but gets knocked aside and her hands are taken and put around the killer's throat (with his face still unseen). The killer then chokes her and stabs Ruth in the chest.Dr. Austin looks around the hallway with a flashlight and finds Helen, who says that she heard a noise. A chauffeur enters the building and drinks all of the drinks leftover from the get-together. After looking around, the killer shows up and pushes the chauffeur into an iron-maiden-esque device, and his blood pours out.The killer walks around with a sword and angrily hits on the bed in Cheryl's empty room. Cheryl meets with Francis in the hallway and they leave together.Mara listens to a radio and takes a bath. Helen enters the room, strips to her underwear, and helps wash Mara for a while.Francis and Cheryl talk of their potential relationship, and he leaves to do the rounds.The killer walks into Anne's room, shuts her window, and takes off his hood. Anne's eyes open, she sees the killer standing over her bed and asks him to lie down next to her. The killer chooses instead to axe her to a bloody death.In Mara's room, she dances a bit for Helen to a song on the radio. As Mara looks out of her window, the killer fires a crossbow at hits Marta in the neck with an arrow, killing her instantly. Helen screams and a crowd gathers outside her door. Austin and Francis see the dead female and Austin tells an attendant not to let anyone in the room. The two doctors and Cheryl look around the building when they find blood on the antique weapons and discover the body of the chauffeur. Francis points out that the other sword from the display is missing and Austin finally calls the police, stating to the police commissioner that the killer is still inside the clinic.The police arrive and remove the bodies of Anne, Ruth, Mara and the other nurse from the area, but they are angry that Dr. Austin moved some weapons and tried to keep the killings a secret (essentially helping the killer) thus making him an accessory after the fact. The police inspector suggests using Cheryl as bait, and Francis tries to get her to rethink the idea after she agrees to it.While all of the other clinic patents are moved into a single room for their own protection, Cheryl awaits in her room. The killer approaches with a rope to strangle where he removes his hood... finally revealing himself to be her husband Hume. The cops show up before he can finish strangling Cheryl and chase Hume around the building.Francis and Austin theorize that Cheryl's husband wanted to kill his wife for some time and he created the idea of a maniac spree killer to that no one would suspect him of Cheryl's murder. Hume knocks out two of the cops chasing him and upon running into a room to hide, discovers all of the women patents in it. Hume goes on a brutal killing spree, killing every single woman in the room before the police run into the room and finally shoot Hume dead.
tags: pornographic,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: Hellraiser
synopsis: Somewhere in North Africa, Frank Cotton (Sean Chapman) purchases an antique puzzle box from a dealer. Back at his house in England, Frank solves the puzzle box and hooked chains immediately fly out of the box and tear into his flesh. Demons called Cenobites from another realm appear to inspect Frank's remains. Their leader, Pinhead (Doug Bradley), searches among the shreds of flesh and blood and reassembles the pieces of Frank's face. He finds the mysterious box and twists it back into its original state, and the room appears empty as if nothing ever happened.Frank's brother Larry Cotton (Andrew Robinson) soon moves into Frank's abandoned house with his second wife, Julia Cotton (Clare Higgins), who previously had a secret affair with Frank. The house is a mess, leftover food rots in the kitchen & they both assume that Frank is off on one of his notorious adventures. Larry's teenage daughter Kirsty Cotton (Ashley Laurence) chooses not to live with her step-mother and moves into her own place. After cutting his hand on a nail (while moving a mattress), Larry goes upstairs to the room where Julia is, the same room where Frank was killed. Larry's blood falls on the floor & mysteriously disappears through the floorboards as they leave the attic, Frank's minimal remains have been hidden under the floorboards. Julia takes Larry to the ER to have his hand stitched. Frank uses Larry's blood as nourishment to partially regenerate his body. Down below the floorboards, Frank's body bursts out and emits a sustained shriek of pain and his body begins to regenerate.Later, Julia finds Frank (Oliver Smith -- plays Frank as a monster) alone in the room, his body only partially regenerated and grotesque. She's repulsed by his appearance but Frank convinces Julia to help restore him to his full physical form, reminding her that while she was his secret lover and she promised to do anything for him. Julia succumbs to Frank's entreaties and agrees to help him by seducing men and luring them up to the empty attic where Frank hides. After having Julia incapacitate them, Frank is able to move in and drain them of their blood, which allows him to further regenerate his body. Frank tells Julia about the puzzle box and explains that by reclaiming his body he has broken his deal with the Cenobites. He wants to fully restore himself and then run off with Julia before the Cenobites can track him down.Kirsty, already suspicious of Julia, eventually sees Julia bringing a strange man home and sneaks into the house to investigate. In the attic Julia beats the man, allowing Frank to feast on his body. Kirsty approaches the attic unaware of what's happening within. Suddenly, the bloody man stumbles out of the attic, soon followed by the skinless Frank who confronts Kirsty. Before Frank can grab her, Kirsty picks up the puzzle box as a weapon. When she realizes it holds value for Frank, she throws it out the window and escapes from the house, picking up the box as she runs down the street. A disoriented Kirsty awakens in the hospital where she tells herself it all was a terrible dream, until the doctors hand her the puzzle box. Kirsty begins to play with the puzzle box and inadvertently solves it. The walls of her hospital room open a dimensional door with a long tunnel behind it. A large, hideous monster begins to chase her and she escapes; when she looks back at the wall, it's sealed up, though she can hear the beast's roaring behind it.Suddenly, the walls of the room begin to change again and the Cenobites appear. Their leader, Pinhead, tells Kirsty that she has summoned them, and therefore they must take her to their world of pleasure, pain and suffering. She then begs them to spare her, offering to lead them to Frank in exchange for her freedom. Kirsty escapes the hospital and races to her father's home to warn him about Frank. Larry informs Kirsty that Frank has been taken care of, and Julia shows Kirsty a bloody body in the attic. The Cenobites reappear, demanding the man responsible for this death. Kirsty believes they want her father and she runs to warn him. However, she soon realizes that Frank has murdered her father and stolen his skin and worn it like a suit to fool Kirsty into believing that he was her father.Frank comes after Kirsty, accidentally stabbing Julia in the process. Frank then drains Julia of her blood, further nourishing himself. He then goes to the attic where Kirsty is hiding. Kirsty weeps and accuses Frank of murdering her father. Frank reveals to Kirsty that her father was already dead inside anyway. Having heard Frank's confession, the Cenobites appear. Frank tries to kill Kirsty for setting him up, but dozens of hooked chains grab him and tear him apart, his last words are Jesus wept. Kirsty runs through the house, eager to escape, but the Cenobites want to take her as well. Kirsty finds the puzzle box clutched in the hands of Julia's chained corpse on a mattress. One by one she banishes the Cenobites back to their realm by reversing the solution to the puzzle box.Afterward, Kirsty tries to burn the box in a fire outdoors, but the strange vagrant appears and picks it out of the flames. As the man is consumed by the flames he transforms into a winged, skeletal creature that flies away into the night. In the final scene, the box is shown in the hands of the merchant who originally sold it to Frank, asking another prospective customer, What's your pleasure, sir?
tags: boring,  gothic,  murder,  stupid,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  sadist, 

title: Devour
synopsis: The story follows Jake Gray (Jensen Ackles), a young man who's been having bizarre visions of murder and self-mutilation, and his experience with a live roleplay-like online game called The Pathway (a similar roleplaying as seen in The Game).
Following the deaths of his friends Conrad (Teach Grant) and Dakota (Dominique Swain), who introduced him to the game, Jake soon learns that The Pathway is actually being run by a man named Aiden Kater (Martin Cummins) and his band of Devil-worshippers. They've been using it to look for a specific person, even as they manipulate others into killing. As their final acts, the victims of The Pathway commit suicide in various gruesome ways.
With help from Marisol (Shannyn Sossamon), a new friend who dabbles in the mystic occult, Jake learns from a man called Ivan Reisz (William Sadler) that his wife, Anne Kilton, and their unborn child were taken by Kater and sacrificed to the devil. Soon after, he tracks down Kater and learns that Anne was not in fact sacrificed to the devil, that she gave birth, and that her child was stolen by mortals, and raised as a human. He is that child, the person whom The Pathway was created to find, and Anne is really Satan (devil) herself.
Ultimately, Jake confronts his birth mother (who has killed his adoptive parents) in the very place where he was stolen from her, he then learns that Marisol was, in fact, Satan/Anne. Following his rejection and attempted murder of her, Jake is shown a vision of the night he was born. He awakens covered with blood on the ground the next day, only to be arrested for the murder of his parents. The movie ends with Jake wondering if everything (including Pathway itself) really was not created by his imagination and if he had committed all those murders.
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: The Raven
synopsis: The Raven follows an unnamed narrator on a dreary night in December who sits reading forgotten lore by a dying fire  as a way to forget the death of his beloved Lenore. A tapping at [his] chamber door reveals nothing, but excites his soul to burning. The tapping is repeated, slightly louder, and he realizes it is coming from his window. When he goes to investigate, a raven flutters into his chamber. Paying no attention to the man, the raven perches on a bust of Pallas above the door.
Amused by the raven's comically serious disposition, the man asks that the bird tell him its name. The raven's only answer is Nevermore. The narrator is surprised that the raven can talk, though at this point it has said nothing further. The narrator remarks to himself that his friend the raven will soon fly out of his life, just as other friends have flown before along with his previous hopes. As if answering, the raven responds again with Nevermore. The narrator reasons that the bird learned the word Nevermore from some unhappy master and that it is the only word it knows.
Even so, the narrator pulls his chair directly in front of the raven, determined to learn more about it. He thinks for a moment in silence, and his mind wanders back to his lost Lenore. He thinks the air grows denser and feels the presence of angels, and wonders if God is sending him a sign that he is to forget Lenore. The bird again replies in the negative, suggesting that he can never be free of his memories. The narrator becomes angry, calling the raven a thing of evil and a prophet. Finally, he asks the raven whether he will be reunited with Lenore in Heaven. When the raven responds with its typical Nevermore, he is enraged, and, calling it a liar, commands the bird to return to the Plutonian shore—but it does not move. Presumably at the time of the poem's recitation by the narrator, the raven still is sitting on the bust of Pallas. The narrator's final admission is that his soul is trapped beneath the raven's shadow and shall be lifted Nevermore.
tags: good versus evil,  cult,  horror,  gothic, 

title: The Fly
synopsis: Seth Brundle (Jeff Goldblum) is a brillliant and eccentric inventor. At a party thrown by his financier, Bartok Industries, for the press, Brundle meets Veronica Quaife (Geena Davis), a reporter for Particle Magazine. He invites her to come back to his apartment, where he shows her his latest invention: teleporter pods, or telepods, that disintegrate matter, transmit it across space, and then reintegrate it. She realizes this could be the invention of the century, and, over Seth's objections, goes to her boss and ex-lover, Stathis Borans (John Getz), to convince him to publish the story. Borans is uninterested, believing the whole thing to be a magic trick. Brundle comes to see her at work, and is relieved that Stathis didn't want to publish the story, because his telepods are not ready to be made public yet. Although they can transmit inanimate matter, it can't handle living things. He offers to let Veronica track his progress as he tries to work out the kinks, if she will wait to write the story until he is finished. She agrees.Veronica ends up spending much of her time at Seth's apartment while he works, and the two of them become more and more attracted to each other. He attempts to send a baboon through the telepods, but it is re-integrated inside out. Soon Veronica falls in love with Seth, and they make love. During the act, she makes an offhand remark about the flesh driving women crazy. This gives Seth the inspiration he needs: he will teach the computer to be driven crazy by flesh. Seth continues to work on the telepods while Veronica goes shopping for a gift for him. While shopping, she runs into Stathis again, who now believes that Seth's project is genuine and should be published.Back at Seth's apartment, Veronica watches as Seth puts a second baboon through the telepods, and this time the baboon comes through unharmed. As they prepare to celebrate, however, Veronica finds a package from Stathis. Inside is a design for a cover story on Seth. She runs back to his office to stop him from publishing prematurely, leaving Seth to celebrate alone. He gets drunk and becomes convinced that Veronica is resuming her relationship with Stathis. He decides to teleport himself, as a way to spite Veronica. However, a housefly inadvertently gets into the telepod with him. He teleports to the other pod, and emerges seemingly normal.Veronica comes back to him that night and they reconcile, but his journey through the telepods begins to show
some strange side effects. Thick, coarse hairs begin to grow on his back. He develops a intense craving for sugar, his body develops an almost instantly more athletic build, and his sexual stamina is seemingly endless. The sex alone begins to wear out Veronica. Seth suddenly believes that Veronica should go through the teleportation herself, perhaps in a bid to make her as virile as himself. She refuses and, in a sudden burst of uncharacteristic anger, Seth leaves in search of a woman who can keep up with him.At a seedy bar, he meets a woman named Tawny, and arm wrestles with another man to compete over who gets to take her home. Seth wins by breaking the other man's arm with his superhuman strength and because of a white secretion from his hands. After a night of sex and a demonstration of his invention, Tawny pours champagne on his skin, which severely irritates him. He then tries to get her to go through the telepods, but she refuses. Seth tells her not to be afraid, but at that moment Veronica arrives, saying, Be afraid. Be very afraid.Tawny leaves, and Veronica confronts Seth about the changes she has seen in him. Not only is his back growing more hairs, but his face is breaking out in blisters. She then informs him that she had some of his back hairs analyzed, and that that are most likely insect hairs. Seth refuses to believe anything is wrong with him, and he kicks Veronica out of his apartment, his thought processes having become more scattered and irrational.In the bathroom later on, though, Seth does notice more severe changes to himself: his fingernails are falling off and his fingers drip more fluid. His face has more blisters and more of the thick hairs are growing there. He concludes, like Veronica, that something must have gone wrong when he went through the telepods. He checks the record of his teleportation, and his computer tells him that there was a secondary element in the pod with him, which he recognizes as a housefly. When he asks the computer what happened to the fly, it tells him that he and the fly have been spliced together into a single organism at a genetic and molecular level.A month goes by in which Seth and Veronica do not speak, but finally he contacts her and asks her to see him. When she arrives, she sees that he is frightened and heavily deteriorating. His face is lined with pockmarks, and he needs canes to walk. He has to wear gloves to keep from biting his fingernails off. He eats by vomiting corrosive enzymes onto his food and sucking up the dissolved remains. As they talk, his ear falls off. He refuses to take help from any professional doctors, not wanting to be a lab rat.Veronica goes to Stathis, hoping to find some way to help Seth. He warns her not to go back to him, fearing contagion, but then he asks to go ahead and visit him again to document what is happening, so Stathis can see and find a way to help. She returns to his apartment to find him crawling on the walls and ceiling, as he now realizes what is happening: he is turning into a human-fly hybrid he calls Brundlefly, and wants Veronica to document his metamorphosis. She records a video where Brundle demonstrates his new eating habits and brings it to Stathis, who watches it in horror. Veronica then shocks Stathis further by telling him she is pregnant with Seth's child.Stathis encourages her to talk to Seth before aborting the baby. When she sees him again, he has deteriorated even further. He no longer wears clothes, his skin has become swollen and lumpy, and more of his body parts have fallen off and he barely resembles his old self. He keeps the sloughed-off parts in a cabinet, dubbing it The Brundle Museum of Natural History. He warns Veronica not to return, because his fly instincts are taking over and he will not be able to keep himself from hurting her. She leaves without telling him she is pregnant, and demands Stathis take her to a doctor for an immediate abortion. Seth overhears them talking, however, and follows them to the doctor's office, where he kidnaps her and takes her back home, asking her to have the baby as it may be the only thing left of his humanity. Veronica is too frightened, thinking there is some kind of monster growing inside her.Stathis follows them to Seth's apartment, armed with a shotgun, but Seth jumps down from the skylight, catching Stathis by surprise. Seeing that Stathis means to shoot him, Seth defends himself by vomiting his digestive enzyme on Stathis' left hand and right foot, melting both appendages and sending Stathis into a state of semi-conscious shock. He is about to vomit on Stathis' face and make him a meal when Veronica, who Seth has kept on the roof, intervenes. Seth lets Stathis live, but asks for Veronica's help to make him human again. When she asks him to explain, he shows her the plan he has created: he wants to use the telepods as a gene-splicer yet again, using them to fuse himself with Veronica and their unborn child, in the hopes that her untainted humanity will be enough to stop the metamorphosis. Veronica resists, but Seth tries to force her into it, saying, We'll be the ultimate family. As she struggles to free herself from Seth's grip, she accidentally rips off his jaw, which sparks the final stages of Seth's transformation. His limbs shed the remainder of their human skin, revealing the insect body underneath. The rest of his face sloughs off to reveal a fly's head.The now completely transformed Brundlefly throws Veronica into one pod, activates the computer and steps into the other. As the countdown to teleportation ticks away, the wounded Stathis comes to his senses. With some effort, he uses his shotgun to shoot the cables connecting Veronica's telepod to the computer, forcing it offline and ensuring Veronica's safety. Brundlefly smashes the door to its telepod and attempts to escape, but the teleportation sequence begins as it is halfway out of the telepod. In a flash, a section of the telepod is transported to the third pod with Brundlefly, causing a shower of sparks. Stathis manages to crawl to Veronica's pod and let her out. The computer, in the meantime, fuses Brundlefly with the section of the telepod that it took. The receiving pod door opens, and Brundlefly collapses onto the floor. As a result of the fusion, most of its body is now a mangled, twisted mass of flesh and machinery.Brundlefly crawls toward Veronica, who arms herself with Stathis' shotgun. Rather than try to harm her, however, Brundlefly uses a claw to point the shotgun barrel at its own head, silently asking Veronica to end its life. She is unable to at first, but seeing that the creature which used to be her lover is horribly deformed and in excruciating pain, she gains enough strength to pull the trigger, blowing apart Brundlefly's head. She sobs, as the film fades out and the credits roll.
tags: dark,  suspenseful,  gothic,  sentimental,  allegory,  cult,  violence,  horror,  tragedy,  romantic,  sci-fi, 

title: The Uninvited
synopsis: Anna (Emily Browning) has been in a psychiatric institution for ten months, following her suicide attempt after her terminally-ill mother died in a boathouse fire. Now she is being discharged and has no memory of the fire, only dreams about it that involve three strange children. While packing, Anna is startled by a talkative patient. She is finally able to leave with her father, Steven (David Strathairn).
At home, Anna reunites with her sister Alex (Arielle Kebbel). The sisters are very close, and they are united against Steven's girlfriend Rachel (Elizabeth Banks), who was their mother's live-in nurse. Alex criticizes Steven for sleeping with Rachel while the girls' mother was still alive, but he ignores her. Anna describes to Alex how scenes from her dreams have started happening while she is awake. The sisters become convinced that their mother is sending a message: the fire was murder, and Rachel is the killer.
Anna sees her old boyfriend Matt (Jesse Moss) and kisses him. He tells her that he saw everything at the fire and the two secretly plan to meet, but he doesn't show up. Later, she awakens from another dream to find him climbing into her window. He says she needs to know the truth; he had a warning from her mother. His body warps, his back breaking. Anna runs from the room and suddenly it is morning and Matt's dead body is pulled out of the water, his back broken just the way Anna saw it.
The sisters are unable to find a record of Rachel with the State Nursing Association. Finally they learn she is actually Mildred Kemp, a nanny who killed the three children from Anna's dreams because she was obsessed with their widowed father. They try to warn Steven but he gets upset and leaves for work. The girls try to gather evidence but they are confronted by Rachel who drugs Alex. Anna escapes and goes to the police. Skeptical, they call Rachel to sedate Anna and drive her home.
Rachel carries Anna to bed. Anna sees Alex in the doorway with a knife and passes out. Later, Anna wakes and finds a large blood trail leading to the dumpster and Rachel's body inside. Alex is nearby with the knife. The girls comfort each other, and Steven comes home. Anna explains that Rachel attacked them and Alex saved her. Confused, Steven says that Alex died in the fire. Anna sees she's not holding Alex's hand like she thought, but the bloody knife.
Anna finally remembers the fire. After catching her father and Rachel together, Anna filled a watering can from a large gasoline tank in the boathouse and carried it toward the house, intending to burn it down. She left a trail that ignited when a candle fell over; Alex and her mother were killed in the resulting explosion. She remembers meeting Matt as planned and killing him. Flashbacks reveal that whenever it appeared as if the two sisters were together, Anna had always been alone. Anna realizes that Steven was not ignoring Alex earlier; her sister was never there. She sees that she had the knife used to kill Rachel all along.
Steven tells the police that Rachel changed her name because of an abusive boyfriend as Anna is arrested and taken back to the institution. The police ask why Anna would make up the Mildred story but Steven has no answers. Anna is welcomed back by the patient that scared her earlier; the name plate on the door says Mildred Kemp.
tags: horror,  psychological,  gothic, 

title: Jurassic Park
synopsis: Industrialist John Hammond and his bioengineering company, InGen, have created a theme park called Jurassic Park on Isla Nublar, a Costa Rican island, populated with cloned dinosaurs. After one of the dinosaur handlers is killed by a Velociraptor, the park's investors, represented by lawyer Donald Gennaro, say that experts must visit the park and certify it as safe. Gennaro invites mathematician and chaos theorist Ian Malcolm, while Hammond invites paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant and paleobotanist Dr. Ellie Sattler. Upon arrival, the group is stunned to see a live Brachiosaurus.
At the park's visitor center, the group learns that the cloning was accomplished by extracting dinosaur DNA from mosquitoes that had been preserved in amber. DNA from frogs was used to fill in gaps in the dinosaur genomes. To prevent breeding, all the dinosaurs were made female. Malcolm scoffs at the idea of such controlled breeding, declaring it impossible. The crew witness the birth of a baby raptor and visit the raptor enclosure. During a luncheon, the group debates the ethics of cloning and the creation of the park, with Dr. Malcolm giving a harsh warning about the implications of genetic engineering as a whole.
The group is then joined by Hammond's grandchildren, Lex and Tim Murphy, for a tour of the park, while Hammond oversees the trip from the park's control room. The tour does not go as planned, with most of the dinosaurs failing to appear and the encounter of a sick Triceratops. The tour is cut short as a tropical storm approaches Isla Nublar. Most of the park employees depart on a boat for the mainland and the visitors return to their electric tour vehicles, except Ellie, who stays with the park's veterinarian to study the Triceratops.
Jurassic Park's computer programmer, Dennis Nedry, has been bribed by Dodgson, a man involved with a corporate rival, to steal dinosaur embryos. Nedry deactivates the park's security system to gain access to the embryo storage room. Nedry stores the embryos inside a canister disguised as Barbasol shaving cream, supplied by Dodgson. Because of Nedry, the power goes out and the tour vehicles become stuck. Most of the park's electric fences are deactivated as well, allowing the Tyrannosaurus to escape and attack the tour group. Grant, Lex, and Tim escape, while the Tyrannosaurus injures Malcolm and devours Gennaro. On his way to deliver the embryos to the island's docks, Nedry becomes lost in the rain, crashes his Jeep Wrangler, and is killed by a Dilophosaurus.
Sattler assists the park's game warden, Robert Muldoon, in a search for survivors, but they only find an injured Malcolm, before the Tyrannosaurus returns. Grant, Tim, and Lex spend the night in a tree and befriend a Brachiosaurus. Later, they discover the broken shells of dinosaur eggs. Grant concludes that the dinosaurs have been breeding, which occurred because of their frog DNA—West African bullfrogs can change their sex in a single-sex environment, allowing the dinosaurs to do so as well, proving Malcolm right.
Unable to decipher Nedry's code to reactivate the security system, Hammond and the park's chief engineer Ray Arnold opt to reboot the entire park's system. The group shuts down the park's grid and retreats to an emergency bunker, while Arnold heads to a maintenance shed to complete the rebooting process. When Arnold fails to return, Sattler and Muldoon head to the shed. They discover the shutdown has deactivated the remaining fences and released the raptors. Muldoon distracts the raptors, while Sattler goes to turn the power back on, before being attacked by a raptor and discovering Arnold's severed arm. Meanwhile, Muldoon is caught off-guard and killed by the other two raptors.
Grant, Tim and Lex finally reach the visitor center. Grant heads out to look for Sattler, leaving Tim & Lex inside. Tim and Lex are pursued by the raptors in an industrial kitchen, but they escape and join Grant and Sattler. Lex restores full power from the control room, allowing the group to call Hammond, who in turn calls for help. The group is cornered by the raptors, but they are able to escape when the Tyrannosaurus suddenly appears and kills the raptors. Hammond arrives in a Jeep with Malcolm, and the entire group boards a helicopter to leave the island.
tags: mystery,  dramatic,  cult,  violence,  horror,  action,  humor,  suspenseful,  entertaining, 

title: The Midnight Meat Train
synopsis: The film opens with a bald man with a briefcase sitting in a moving subway car. As the lights flicker he hears a noise, causing him to stand up. As he walks towards the source of the sound, the next subway car, he slips and falls in a large pool of blood. He then peers through the window to the next car and sees a figure chopping up a bloody corpse.
Leon (Bradley Cooper) is a vegan amateur photographer who wants to capture unique, gritty shots of the city and the people who live in it, and at the advice of gallery owner Susan (Brooke Shields), he heads into the city's subway system at night. He is criticized constantly by other photographers for fleeing danger before shooting a full roll. One night, in a decision to break this trend, he saves a woman on the subway from two thugs threatening her with a knife. The next day, he discovers that the woman has gone missing. Leon is intrigued by the mystery, and begins to investigate reports of similar disappearances. His investigation leads him to a butcher named Mahogany (Vinnie Jones), whom he suspects has been killing subway passengers for the past three years.
Leon attempts to turn some of his photos of Mahogany in to the police, but they refuse to believe him and, instead, cast suspicion on his own motives in photographing the victims. Leon's involvement quickly turns into a dark obsession, upsetting his waitress girlfriend Maya (Leslie Bibb), who is as disbelieving of his story as the police chief. Leon takes matters into his own hands, boarding the last subway train of the night, only to witness a shocking bloodbath, as the butcher kills several passengers, then hangs their bodies on meat hooks. After a brief scuffle with Mahogany, Leon passes out on the train's floor, he awakes the next morning in a slaughterhouse with strange markings carved into his chest.
A concerned Maya and her friend Jurgis (Roger Bart) begin to examine the photos Leon has been taking of Mahogany, leading them to the killer's apartment. After breaking into the butcher's home, Jurgis is captured and brutally killed. Maya goes to the police, but finds that they are as skeptical of her story as they were of Leon's. A police officer then directs Maya to take the midnight train. Leon, unaware of Maya's involvement, finally decides to put an end to the butcher's crimes. Leon heads to a hidden subway entrance in the slaughterhouse, arming himself with several slaughterhouse knives, and wearing a butcher's apron.
Leon enters the train as Mahogany has completed his nightly massacre, and has cornered a helpless Maya. Leon attacks the murderer with a knife, beginning a climactic battle between the photographer and the butcher. They fight in between the swinging human flesh—Leon's knives against Mahogany's meat hammer—and human body parts are ripped, thrown, and used as weapons. Finally, Mahogany is thrown out of the train by Leon, but not long before it reaches its final stop, a cavernous abandoned station filled with skulls and decomposing bodies. The conductor steps into the car, advising Leon and Maya to please step away from the meat. With these words, the true purpose of the abandoned station is revealed, as horrible reptilian creatures enter the car and consume the bodies of the murdered passengers. Leon and Maya flee the carriage and go into the cavern.
Mahogany - in a battered and bleeding state - returns, barely alive, and engages in a death struggle with Leon, who finishes the job at last by impaling the psychotic butcher's skull on a blade. Mahogany grins in his dying throes, speaking the single word Welcome!
The conductor appears and explains to Leon that the creatures have lived beneath the city since long before the subway was constructed, and that the butcher's job is to feed them each night to keep them from attacking subway riders during the day. He picks up Leon, and with the same supernatural strength as the deceased butcher, rips out Leon's tongue, throwing him to the ground and eating the tongue. The conductor brings Leon's attention to Maya, who has been knocked unconscious and is lying on a pile of bones (presumably this took place some time during Leon's fight with the butcher). The conductor then forces Leon to watch as he cuts Maya's chest open to remove her heart. When he is done, he tells Leon that, having killed the butcher, Leon must take his place.
Finally, the police chief hands the train schedule to the new butcher, who wears a ring with the eight pointed star on it, a symbol for the group that feeds the creatures. The killer walks onto the midnight train, and turns his head to reveal that the new butcher is Leon.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Coraline
synopsis: As the credits appear, a pair of metallic hands with spindly fingers summons a doll from the dark abyss outside a window. The hands dismantle the doll, which is wearing a pink dress and has curly brown hair, and reassemble it into a new doll with blue hair, a yellow raincoat, and galoshes. Then they send it back into the void.Coraline Jones (voice: Dakota Fanning), a girl of 11 or so, moves with her parents, Mel and Charlie (voices: Teri Hatcher and John Hodgman), from their house in Michigan to their new home at the Pink Palace Apartments in Oregon. It is a rather dilapidated pink Victorian house divided into three flats, surrounded by forest and shaded by an almost constantly overcast sky. While her parents assist the movers, Coraline goes exploring, taking a stick and using it as a dowsing rod. She lets it guide her along a trail beyond the house until she arrives at the top of the hill. A black cat emerges from the woods and studies her on its perch. Coraline asks if it knows where the old well is before she is startled by an air horn. A bicyclist wearing a skull-painted helmet appears and circles Coraline. After she knocks him off his bike, he removes his helmet and introduces himself as Wybie -- short for Wyborne -- Lovat (voice: Robert Bailey Jr.), grandson of the owner of the Pink Palace. He shows Coraline the location of the old well, right under her feet, and admits surprise that his grandmother would allow a family with a kid to move in; not even he is allowed near the Pink Palace, though he says he's not supposed to explain why. He pets the cat and explains that he cares for it despite the fact that it's feral before he hears his grandmother calling to him. He mounts his bike and informs Coraline that the stick she's holding is actually poison oak.Back at the house, as it starts to rain, Coraline attempts to gain the attention of her parents who are busy writing pieces for a gardening catalog (which Coraline finds absurdly ironic since her parents dislike handling dirt). Her mother gives Coraline a doll that looks just like her, telling her that it was left on their porch. Attached to the doll is a note from Wybie explaining that he found it in his grandmother's trunk and thought she would like it since it looks like her. Coraline takes the doll and goes to see her father who tells her to explore the house and write down what she sees ... as long as she will let him work. Doll in hand, Coraline takes note of everything in their flat, including a painting of a sullen-looking boy in blue clothes above the fireplace. Finishing her notes, she discovers that her doll, which she'd left on a nearby table in the drawing room, has mysteriously moved beneath a mattress leaning against the wall. Coraline moves the mattress to find the outline of a small door behind the wallpaper. Noticing a keyhole and no other way to open it, Coraline begs her mother to help her. They find a black skeleton key in a kitchen drawer with a button end and find that it fits the keyhole perfectly. However, when they open the door, they see nothing but a solid brick wall. Irritated, Coraline's mother tells her to let her finish her work.That evening, Coraline is sent to bed early after complaining about the grimy-looking dinner her father prepared. In the middle of the night, she is awoken by a squeaking sound and looks down to see a mouse in her room. She follows it out of her room and downstairs to the drawing room where it disappears behind the small door in the wall which has been cracked open. Coraline opens the door and discovers that a wide and colorful passage has opened up. She crawls through it and emerges out the other end to find herself in the drawing room again, however, this one is brighter and even the painting of the boy above the fireplace looks cheerful. She smells something from the kitchen and wanders over to find her mother cooking. When her mother turns to greet her, Coraline sees that she has black buttons for eyes. Coraline's shock subsides when her 'mother' explains that she's her Other Mother and that everyone has one. She tells Coraline to collect her Other Father in his study before dinner. Coraline obliges and finds her Other Father, looking lively and fun, playing piano with a pair of puppet hands protruding from it. He sings a song for Coraline, bringing a smile to her face, before they all sit down to dinner.The Other World food is delightful and served with plenty of flair. Coraline can hardly contain her excitement at finding that her Other parents are more fun than her real ones, showing their enjoyment for mud and explaining that it's a natural remedy for poison oak. When Other Mother offers to play a game, Coraline expresses concern that she'd better go back home and to bed. Other Mother takes Coraline up to her 'other' room, which is strewn with colored streamers and toys that speak, including a picture on her nightstand with her two best friends from Michigan (voices: Harry Selick and Marina Budovsky). Her Other Mother rubs mud on the poison oak on her hands before putting Coraline to bed. Coraline quickly falls asleep. She wakes up the next morning to find herself back in her old room. She is disappointed but sees that the poison oak has disappeared from her hands. When she tries to open the small door again, she finds that it's bricked up as before.She tries to tell her parents all about her adventures the previous night, but they dismiss it as a vivid dream. Her mother suggests she tell her dream to the actresses living downstairs, although she calls them ding-bats. Out on the porch, Coraline trips over a pile of mail addressed to a Mr. Bobinsky; the man who lives upstairs. She goes to his door but is prevented entry by the eccentric Bobinsky (voice: Ian McShane), a tall and acrobatic Russian man with a blue complexion; possibly due to his role in the Chernobyl cleanup which is indicated by the medal worn on his shirt. He accepts the packages which contain foul-smelling cheese. He tells Coraline (whom he misnames 'Caroline') that he is training circus mice and hopes the cheese will alleviate their apparent musical difficulties. Before Coraline leaves, he leaps down from his balcony to issue a warning from his mice: They say, 'do not go through little door'.Halfway accepting her experiences as nothing but a dream, Coraline dismisses the message and heads to the lower flat to visit Miss Spink and Miss Forcible (voices: Jennifer Saunders and Dawn French), two retired burlesque actresses who clearly have not gotten over their past days. Coraline is offered tea as the actresses reminisce and tend to their many Scottie dogs, some of which are dead and stuffed on shelves on the wall, dressed in angel outfits. Miss Spink reads Coraline's tea leaves and predicts that she is in danger, seeing a gnarled hand in the leaves, while Miss Forcible sees a giraffe from her perspective.Coraline goes outside, where a thick fog has covered the ground. She discovers Wybie spying on her with a three-turret lens, although he insists he's hunting for banana slugs. The cat rests on Wybie's shoulders as he skulks around, inspiring Coraline to call him a 'wuss-puss' which insults the cat, though Wybie says he just doesn't like getting his feet wet. The two share laughs as Coraline takes pictures of Wybie holding a slug before he admits that he's never been inside the Pink Palace because his grandmother thinks it's dangerous. He says that his grandmother had a twin sister and, while they lived there as children, she disappeared. His grandmother seems to think she was stolen, but Coraline offers that maybe she just ran away. She asks Wybie about the doll's resemblance to her, but Wybie says that he found it as is and that it must be as old as the house. Coraline is skeptical: why would it look just like her?That night, Coraline leaves out bits of cheese in her bedroom and goes to sleep, hoping for another visit from the mice. Sure enough, she's woken later by their squeaking and follows them through the open portal. She finds her Other Mother cooking in the kitchen, using the very cheese Coraline laid out. She tells Coraline to fetch her Other Father, who is in the garden. Coraline finds him planting colorful, fluorescent flowers and snapdragons, using a tractor shaped like a praying mantis. Other Father takes Coraline for a ride on the mantis as it sprouts propellors and flies them above the gardens. Overhead, Coraline sees that the entire garden has been fashioned into her likeness. After another bountiful dinner, Other Mother opens the front door to introduce Other Wybie. She explains that she made this one so that he doesn't talk because she thought Coraline would like it. Coraline is pleased with her silent friend and they go to Mr. Bobinsky's flat together for a surprise. Inside, pedal-controlled cannons shoot cotton candy and popcorn machines line the walls. A circus tent is erected in the center of the apartment and Coraline and Other Wybie go in to see Bobinsky's mice put on a musical show, bouncing on circus balls. At the finale, Other Bobinsky appears, looking dapper in a ringmaster's coat and hat, and thanks them for their applause. Coraline is later led to bed, happily satisfied with the night's events, and falls asleep with Other Mother, Other Father, and Other Wybie sitting beside her.The next morning, Coraline grunts as she finds herself in her own bed once more. Her mother takes her into town the next day to shop for school clothes. They drop off her father at the train station so that he can deliver the latest edition of the catalog to the editor. At the store, Coraline approaches her mother with a pair of colorful gloves which Mel refuses to buy, looking instead at drab and grey uniform pieces. Coraline shuns her mother on the ride home, especially when Mel reveals that she locked the small door after finding rat excrement near it. Seeing that the fridge is nearly devoid of food, Mel offers to buy some groceries and asks Coraline to accompany her. Coraline refuses and Mel leaves, looking slightly saddened. Taking opportunity of her solitude, Coraline takes the skeleton key from its perch and investigates the small door, finding the passage surprisingly open. She eagerly crawls through as the feral cat watches her disapprovingly from outside. In Other World, Coraline finds the house seemingly empty, though the kitchen table is laden with treats and different foods along with a gift box containing a new outfit for her to wear. A note next to it from Other Mother explains that Other Spink and Other Forcible have something to show Coraline after lunch.Outside, Coraline comes upon the cat and remarks that he must be a copy but is missing the trademark button eyes. She is shocked when the cat speaks (voice: Keith David). He tells Coraline that he is the real world cat and has the ability to transverse the barriers between worlds, despite Other Mother's attempts to keep him out; she hates cats. He admits it's a type of game they play before warning Coraline of Other Mother's true intentions. He claims Other Wybie told him of the dangers and, when Coraline doesn't believe him, tells her that cats have superior senses. He then detects something in the distance and runs off. Coraline continues to Spink and Forcible's apartment which has been turned into a large auditorium occupied by hundreds of Scottie dogs. She finds Other Wybie in the front row and sits beside him as the show starts. The Spink and Forcible that we know, albeit with painted button eyes, perform individual skits in rather unflattering outfits before their competition for the spotlight brings the stage props crashing down. The curtain closes and the second act starts; Spink and Forcible appear on either end of the stage, standing on diving boards while a bucket of water is pushed to center stage. Then, they literally jump out of their skins as their older facades unzip and their youthful, skinny selves effortlessly swing on trapeze wires. They include Coraline in the act, swinging her around the auditorium and catching her as they land on the bucket, to much applause and barking.Coraline returns to Other Mother's apartment, raving about the show while Other Wybie stays behind looking sullen. As Other Mother ushers Coraline inside, she motions to Other Wybie to smile. She takes Coraline into the dining room and tells her that, if she wants to, she can stay forever but needs to perform one little thing. She places a box in front of Coraline who opens it to see two black buttons with sewing thread and a needle. Other Mother cheerfully tells Coraline that buttons are available in any color but Coraline vehemently refuses to sew buttons into her eyes. She requests to go to bed early to think things over and goes to her room where she stuffs her talking toys away and hides the picture of her button-eyed friends. She lies in bed and prays to go to sleep.When she wakes, she jumps out of bed, only to find that she's still in Other World. She goes downstairs and finds Other Father morosely playing the piano with his puppet hands. Coraline demands to see Other Mother because she wants to go home, but Other Father tells her they mustn't talk when 'mother's' not around. When Coraline says that she's going to look for Other Wybie, Other Father tells her there's no point; Wybie pulled a looooong face and 'mother' didn't like it, his own face elongating horribly as he says so before he is silenced by the puppet hands. Coraline runs outside and begins to walk away from the house. The cat approaches her and they walk together as the Other World begins to deteriorate into nothing. The cat tells Coraline that the Other Mother only created what she knew Coraline would like and soon they find themselves walking straight back towards the house. Small world, Coraline comments.The cat reveals that the Other Mother wants her, possibly for something to love ... or to eat. Suddenly, he lunges into a bush and comes out with a circus mouse in his mouth. As his jaws clamp down, the mouse transforms into an ugly sandbag rat. I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm, the cat says before moving on. Coraline walks back into the house and enters the drawing room where the small door has been blocked by a beetle-shaped bureau. The other furniture comes to life, looking like insects, and seats Coraline in front of Other Mother, eating coco beetles. Coraline demands to be allowed to go home but Other Mother grows angry and tells Coraline to apologize as she counts to three. While she counts, her body begins to transform, growing grotesquely tall and elongated. (Eventually she is shown to be a spider.) At the count of three, the disfigured Other Mother grabs Coraline and throws her through a mirror into a dank room with a single bed. She tells Coraline she may come out when she 'learns to be a loving daughter.'Sensing someone in the room with her, Coraline turns to see three ghostly children, two girls and a boy (voices: Hannah Kaiser, Aankha Neal, and George Selick), who tell her to be quiet, for the Beldam might be listening. (Beldam means ugly old woman, but it has connotations of witchcraft and recalls characters from literature and folklore: the title character of John Keats's poem La Belle Dame Sans Merci, in which a knight is enthralled by a fairy; and the witch who entices and captures Hansel and Gretel.) The ghosts reveal that they don't remember their names, but remember how the Beldam used dolls in their image to spy on them and see what made them unhappy. They tell how she lured them into Other World, giving them games and treats, telling them that she loved them. Wanting more, the children allowed the Beldam to sew the buttons into their eyes, but she ate up their lives and cast their souls aside, locking them inside the mirror. They say that their eyes were stolen and hidden and ask that, if Coraline escapes, she set their souls free by finding their eyes. Coraline says that she'll try before she's pulled through the mirror by Other Wybie, whose mouth has been sewn into a wide grin. Coraline pulls the thread out before Other Wybie brings her to the small door. He opens it and shoves her through. When she asks him to come with her, he pulls off one of his gloves, revealing that he's nothing inside but sand. He then shuts the door as the Beldam calls for Coraline. She crawls back to the real world and calls out for her real parents.However, she finds no one home. The groceries that her mother had gone out to get lie on the kitchen table, moldy and covered in flies. When a knock sounds at the door, Coraline eagerly opens it only to see the real Wybie, who tells her that he needs the doll back. His grandmother is angry because the doll once belonged to her missing sister, but Coraline tells him that the doll once looked like the three ghost children. She realizes that the third child, the girl with the braids and ribbons, was Grandma Lovat's missing sister. She brings Wybie upstairs to give him the doll, explaining everything along the way. Coraline describes to an incredulous Wybie how the doll is meant to spy on everything that's wrong with a child's life before the Other Mother gives false promises to trap them. When she can't find the doll, Wybie runs from the house screaming that Coraline is crazy. She throws her shoes at him and runs outside to see her parents' car, but no one is there. A phone call to her father brings no answers either.Coraline visits Spink and Forcible as Spink is sewing an angel outfit on her dog Angus, claiming that he hasn't been feeling well lately. When Coraline worries about her missing parents, Spink and Forcible break a ball of hard taffy candy to reveal a small triangular seeing stone with a hole in it. They give it to Coraline, saying that it's useful for bad or lost things (they can't agree on which one specifically). Coraline then returns home and creates likenesses of her parents out of pillows in their bed before crying herself to sleep. She wakes up in the middle of the night to see the cat sitting on her chest, looking at her closely. She asks him if he knows where her parents are. He pulls Coraline's doll out from under the bed but, instead of looking like her, the doll is two-faced, resembling each of her parents. In the hallway mirror, Coraline sees an image of her parents shivering in the cold and writing 'help us' on the frosted glass. She goes downstairs and lights a fire on the hearth, throwing the doll into the flames to curl up and burn. Knowing her parents can't return on their own, she resolves to rescue them and dons her favorite army hat, a vest, and puts the triangle stone, some tools, and the skeleton key in her pockets.As she and the cat go through the small door, the cat pipes up and tells her to challenge the Other Mother to a game; she never refuses games. Though the Beldam won't play fair, this gives Coraline the best chance. When Coraline emerges, she hears her mother calling to her and finds her in the drawing room. She goes to hug her mother, but the figure transforms into the Beldam. She takes the skeleton key from Coraline and, after locking the small door, swallows it. Other Father, reduced to a squat, blubbering mess, puts Coraline into a chair before he is dragged away by the furniture after the Beldam inquires about tending to the garden. The Beldam then takes Coraline into the kitchen to serve her breakfast, asking her again to stay. Coraline proposes a game: if she is able to find her real parents and the eyes of the ghost children, the Beldam must let them all go. If Coraline is unsuccessful, she will stay and let the Beldam sew the buttons into her eyes. Coraline then demands a clue, which the Beldam relents to give: In each of three wonders I've made just for you, a ghost's eye is lost in plain sight.Coraline's search begins in the garden, where some hummingbird plants attempt to steal the triangular stone. Finding this curious, Coraline looks through the hole in the stone to see that the world appears grey, except for one colorful ball of light: the first eye. It is disguised as the shift knob on the praying mantis tractor. Other Father starts the tractor and chases Coraline with it. He apologizes, claiming that 'mother' is making him do it. As the mantis chases Coraline across the garden pond's bridge, it collapses, sending the tractor and Other Father into the water. Before he submerges, Other Father grabs the eye and hands it over to Coraline. With the eye in hand, the entire garden dies and turns to stone.Meanwhile the moon overhead is beginning to eclipse -- a time limit on Coraline's search. She makes her way to Spink and Forcible's place, which has deteriorated. The Scottie dogs now reside on the ceiling, looking more like bats, and the actresses have cocooned themselves in a taffy-like wrapper on the stage. Coraline sees one of them holding the second eye as a pearl ring and reaches into the wrapper to get it. However, she wakes the actresses, their tangled bodies resembling taffy, and they shriek and grab at her. Coraline shines her flashlight at the dogbats overhead, agitating them and inciting them to fly down at her. She ducks in time for the dogs to collide with the actresses and Coraline gains control of the eye. The auditorium turns to grey stone and Spink and Forcible disintegrate with the dogs.Next, Coraline goes to Other Bobinsky's apartment where she sees, dangling from a pole on the balcony, the empty clothes of Other Wybie. She shouts to the Beldam that she's not scared before entering the apartment. Bobinsky emerges from the shadows, reduced to only his ringmaster coat and hat, asking why Coraline would want to leave a perfect world. She answers that he couldn't understand since he's merely a copy of the real Bobinsky. Using the stone, she finds the third eye inside Other Bobinsky's hat. She removes his hat to retrieve it but his clothes fall away to reveal the circus rats within. The head rat shrieks at her and attempts to flee with the eye in its mouth. The others try to sabotage Coraline and, as a last resort, she throws the triangular seeing stone at the head rat as it exits the doggy door of Bobinsky's apartment. She misses. She chases the rat onto the balcony which begins to fall apart and collapses. Coraline falls to the ground below and begins to cry when she realizes that she's lost the rat, and the game. The eclipse of the moon completes, revealing the shadow to be that of a button.The cat then appears with the rat in its mouth and relinquishes the last eye. Coraline thanks him and then, together, they go back inside to find her real parents, the paint on the walls thinning and peeling off. She meets the Beldam in the drawing room, darker and filled with webbing. The Beldam herself has been reduced to her true form; a large, spidery figure with spindly fingers and cracked, white skin. She sneers at the cat and holds up the triangular stone before throwing it into the fire. Without her tool, Coraline is forced to use her wit to guess the location of her parents. She announces that her parents are behind the small door in the wall. The Beldam coughs up the key and as she goes to open the door, Coraline sees her parents miniaturized and trapped within a snowglobe on the mantle. With the door open, the Beldam turns to Coraline, chuckling and saying that she's now trapped in Other World forever. No I'm not! Coraline shouts, throwing the cat at the Beldam, grabbing the snowglobe and stuffing it in her pocket. The cat scratches out the Beldam's button eyes and the room falls apart, leaving nothing but a low net of webbing. The cat howls and runs through the small door as Coraline struggles to avoid falling into the center of the net. As she climbs, the vibrations are felt by the sightless Beldam who climbs after her. Coraline manages to get through the small door just in time as the Beldam shrieks and wails that she will die without her. Coraline slams the small door shut in the real world and locks it.Coraline's parents 'come home' and she runs over to embrace them, though they scold her for breaking the snowglobe and cutting her knee. Despite the snow melting off their shoulders, they have no recollection of what happened and announce that they're going out to eat that night in celebration of the published catalog. After discussing invitations for a garden party, Coraline's parents put her to bed. Her mother leaves a box on her bed; it contains the pair of colorful gloves she'd wanted. Coraline goes to sleep, happy to be home at last.She wakes in the middle of the night to see the cat outside her window. Though he is visibly upset with her, she apologizes for throwing him at the Beldam and he snuggles up beside her in bed as she places the three ghost children's eyes under her pillow. She dreams that they are finally free spirits and they thank her but warn her that the Beldam lives and will never stop looking for her. Coraline awakes to find that the eyes are broken beneath her pillow but realizes that the skeleton key is what the Beldam is after and she must hide it. She dresses and leaves, resolving to dump the key inside the well at the top of the hill. However, the Beldam's spindly hand, having escaped through the door, follows her. When it discovers her intent, it attacks her and attempts to take the key back. Coraline struggles with it until Wybie appears to help, riding his bike and blowing his air horn. He grabs at the key but the hand trips him up and he falls into the well, dangling as he holds onto some roots. Before the hand can stab at him, Coraline wraps it in her shawl which it quickly rips through. Before it can pounce again, Wybie, having gotten himself out of the well, drops a large rock on it, breaking it. He and Coraline wrap the hand and rock together in the shawl and tie it with the key string before dropping it into the well.Wybie apologizes for not believing Coraline and shows her a picture of his grandmother as a child...with her twin sister holding an identical doll. He then hears his grandmother calling for him again and Coraline tells him to bring her to the garden party the next day where they will tell her everything together. At the party, everyone gathers to help plant flowers in the garden and Coraline distributes cold drinks. Wybie escorts his grandmother to the party and Coraline offers her a drink, saying that she has so much to tell her.Just beyond the house, the cat sits on the sign post in front of the Pink Palace. He stretches and walks along the beam, passing the tip of the post and vanishing from sight.
tags: dark,  fantasy,  boring,  depressing,  gothic,  whimsical,  cult,  horror,  alternate reality,  psychedelic,  storytelling, 

title: Calvaire
synopsis: It's shortly before Christmas. Marc Stevens (Laurent Lucas) prepares his make-up for a performance. On stage in a hall lit by fluoerescent lights, he sings a love song to his elderly audience who appear captivated. At the end of the song, they applaud enthusiastically. He wishes them a happy new year whilst he is away.Returning to his dressing room, an old lady knocks at the door. He invites her in and he removes his make-up. She explains how much everyone loves him and asks if she may do something. He accepts and she takes his hand and places it between her legs. He pulls his hand away. She leaves in a hurry, saying how foolish she's been.As he loads his van, a woman (possibly the manager of the old-folks home, it's not clear) insists on a hug before he leaves. He does so, but the old woman from the dressing room appears at a window, so brushes her off before having trouble starting his van.He drives through the countryside on a main road and onto progressively narrower roads ending up on a track through some misty woods. He stops to check a map and sees a sign indicating Bartel Inn, 3km. Continuing slowly through the heavy rain and the dark, a shadow runs in front of the van, he brakes suddenly and the engine stalls. The van will not restart. He checks under the bonnet and returns to the driver's seat to take his mobile telephone out of the glovebox. The pale face of a young man (Jean-Luc Couchard) appears at the window and asks where his dog, Bella, is. Marc indicates the direction that the shadow moved. The young man heads off, but Marc calls him back and asks to be guided to the inn. They leave the van. As they head off, the young man, Boris, asks him to be quiet so he can listen out for Bella.Boris takes him to the inn and calls up to the owner, M.Bartel (Jackie Berroyer). When the old man's face appears at the window, Boris says that he has brought someone to stay then runs off into the night. M.Bartel says that nobody has stayed in ages, but the rooms are clean.The next morning, Marc is woken by the sound of a tractor. He looks out of the window of his room to see his van being towed into the courtyard. M.Bartel greets him as Marc comes outside. He offers to take a look at the van for him. Bartel explains that he used to be a comedian. Marc takes out his mobile phone but it appears not to be working. Bartel takes an interest in it. Marc asks to use Bartel's phone. Bartel makes a call to the local mechanic and appears to speak to the mechanic's wife. There will be a delay. Bartel makes a meal for Marc. Later, Marc sees Bartel working on his van. Marc offers to help, but Bartel says he'll be fine. Marc says he's going for a walk. Bartel warns him to stay away from the village. Marc asks why, but Martel stumbles over his words.Whilst Marc is out, Bartel breaks into the back of the van and takes a look at Marc possessions, ending up in the glovebox. He takes Marc's mobile phone. He comes across some documents and photographs in a jacket pocket. Some show a woman with an unbuttoned blouse with captions including come back soon, I'm pining for you. It appears to be the woman who hugged him at the beginning of the film.On his walk, Marc comes across a ramshackle barn. As he gets closer, he can hear voices. He then sees a group of men who are encouraging a younger man to have sex with a pig. Unseen by the men, Marc watches for a while before heading away.Returning to the inn, Bartel is on the telephone and in conversation with the mechanic's wife. There will be a further delay in getting a replacement battery for the van. Marc heads outside to investigate for himself, but Bartel persuades him not to try the van.Bartel cooks a meal and as Marc eats, talks about his wife (Gloria) who left him and how he is unable to tell jokes like he used to. He tells one, but it lacks enthusiasm. He then asks Marc to sing. Marc says he is tired and sings half a song half-heartedly. Bartel insists he finish. Marc completes the song with more gusto. He asks for a wake-up call the next morning and Bartel thanks him for the song.Marc wakes the next morning and it's already light. Bartel is nowhere to be found. Boris appears and is no wiser about where Bartel is. Marc checks the van and discovers that the battery has been removed. He goes back inside to make a telephone call but discovers that the line is dead. In fact, it's not even wired up!Something attracts he attention to the building across the courtyard. He enters the shabby room and looks around, finding his phone and the photos of the woman on a table. Bartel enters, somewhat annoyed. He says he'd found the phone on the dinner table last night and was going to return it (this does not explain the photos, of course).Marc goes up to his room and finds it immaculate, but there are a woman's frocks in the wardrobe. He is distracted by smashing noises from outside. Bartel is taking a sledgehammer to his van. Marc goes back outside to find Bartel splashing petrol on the van. Bartel drops his matches, but as Marc remonstrates with him, Bartel asks why she came back, as if speaking to his wife and picks up the battery and slugs Marc with it. He then torches the van. Bartel drags Marc's unconscious body upstairs and dresses him in his wife's clothes. Next, Marc is struggling, tied to a chair and Bartel is using hand clippers to remove Marc's hair. He succeeds in cropping most of one side. That night, Marc is tied to the bed whilst Bartel prepares for bed. In underpants and a grubby vest, Bartel curls up next to Marc.The next morning, Marc is sat on the back of the tractor hitch wearing a dress and a windcheater jacket. Bartel is searching for an axe and talking about what a great Christmas they are going to have. In the forest, Bartel chops down a tree. Marc decides to make a run for it. When Bartel looks around again, Marc is gone. Curses!Marc runs some distance but gets caught in a snare. He falls on his face. With hands tied, he's stuck. At night, Bartel drives through the forest, calling out his wife's name. In the dark, torchlight finds Marc. It's Boris. Boris pets Marc's head like a dog's as Marc pleads to be untied. Marc bites Boris' thigh and Boris runs off. At first light, Boris removes the snare and drags Marc onto... ... Bartel's trailer. Two of the villagers, Robert Orton (Philippe Nahon) and his son Tomas Orton (Philippe Grand'Henry), see Bartel's tractor passing through the forest with Marc's unconscious body laid out. They watch at the door to Bartel's barn as Marc's wrists are nailed to a beam like a crucifix. Bartel realises somebody is outside. He shouts that he knows what 'Gloria' has been up to.Bartel passes some children (Borhan Du Welz, Maxime Dewitte, Alexis Dewitte, Liam Gilson, Raphaël Schmidt, Eliot Cahay and Farkhad Alekperov) in red hooded coats in the woods(!?!)Bartel goes to the village pub, and warns them to stay away from his place. It seems everyone knows what he is up to. He confronts the villager Robert and leaves saying, it's my wife. One of the villagers (Vincent Cahay) takes to the piano, playing a dischordant dirge which turns into a frenzied beat. The villagers (Romain Protat, Damien Waselle, Viktor Mikol, Nedzad Kurtagic and Yves Vaucher) in the pub begin to dance a strange swaying dance to the music.Back at the inn, Bartel explains how he and 'Gloria' are going to reopen the inn with cabaret. There is a knock at the door. Boris has found his dog. The dog turns out to be a calf. Marc begins to wail. The room spins, picking out the faces of Bartel, Boris and Marc. Marc is going mad.A shot rings out and Boris spits blood, falling to the floor. Bartel picks out his rifle and smashes the lights out. Marc calls for help so Bartel clouts him with the butt of the gun. Shots ring out and in a dazed state, we see some of the villagers break in. Marc picks up an ornament to knock out Bartel, but Bartel is shot. The door is kicked through and a squealing pig is followed by Robert, Tomas and other villagers. Tomas picks up the calf and asks to leave, but Robert demands a song from Marc. The villagers join in the demand. Robert speaks to Marc as if he is Gloria, asking why she came back. One villager tries to rape Marc. In the mayhem that ensues, more shots ring out. Bartel and Boris are killed. Marc sneaks out. The villagers regroup outside the inn and use the pig as a bloodhound to track Marc's escape.The group persues Marc through rivers and woods. In the misty marsh, the pig and villagers give up, but Robert continues alone. Marc comes across a statue of Christ on the cross. Robert eventually catches sight of Marc in the boggy marshland. The chase continues at a snail's pace. Robert falls into soft peat and begins to sink in the bog.He calls out to Marc, who turns back. Why did you come back Gloria? You love me, don't you? Say it. Kneeling by the hole, Marc replies I loved you.We watch the frozen Belgian countryside shrouded in mist pass by. The piano melody is reprised on a violin before the titles appear.
tags: insanity,  psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Planet Terror
synopsis: Over the opening credits, Cherry Darling (Rose McGowan) works as a go-go dancer at a club. After crying onstage, she tells her boss Skip (Skip Reissig) that she needs to make a real change in her life and quits her job. While walking home, several military trucks pass her close enough that she throws herself into a bunch of trashcans. She also gets several splinters in her thigh for her trouble.At the military base a couple of miles away from town, scientist Abby (Naveen Andrews) is threatening his incompetent employee Romey (Julio Oscar Mechoso) for having lost three very valuable 'specimens'; the price of failure is Abby's henchmen cutting off Romey's testicles, which Abby keeps in a jar along with a collection of them from other victims. Lt. Muldoon (Bruce Willis) shows up, wearing a gas mask. He asks Abby where the shit is, and Abby says that its all there on the base, prompting a short gunfight. His men are shot to death by Muldoon's troops, and he again asks where the mysterious shit is. Muldoon's face starts to boil and Abby says that its all around them. He grabs a pistol and blasts a gas canister open, spreading gas everywhere. Some are unfortunately exposed instantly to the gas, melting into gooey messes. However, Muldoon and his men walk into the green gas and enjoy it while Abby escapes in a vehicle, not noticing one of Muldoon's soldiers is riding on top of the vehicle. The green mist spreads through the air.Meanwhile, Cherry stops at a rundown barbecue restaurant called 'The Bone Shack'. A young woman named Tammy (Fergie) arrives and asks the owner J.T. (Jeff Fahey) for some water for her car's overheated engine. Cherry goes to the dirty ladies room where she cleans her leg wound and sits down in the restaurant where she is the only customer. After Tammy drives away, Wray (Freddy Rodríguez), a local mechanic, arrives in his truck. J.T., obsessed with having the best barbecue in Texas and winning a local contest tells Wray that he is celebrating is restaurant's 25th anniversary. Wray sits at Cherry's table and the two converse, revealing Wray and Cherry have a history together, and she's wearing his jacket. They briefly talk about their past, and Cherry sardonically states that she is going to become a stand-up comedian. Their flame for each is other is clearly still there, and Cherry catches a lift with Wray.Dr. William Block (Josh Brolin) and Dr. Dakota Block (Marley Shelton) wake up at 8:00 PM for their late shift at the hospital where they work. Through their window, they can see the eerie green mist. Dakota makes breakfast for her husband and son, Tony (Rebel Rodriguez) and slyly texts her lover to pick up Tony, who will be with the babysitter.In the hospital where Bill and Dakota work, people with strange symptoms start arriving: the first one, Joe (Nicky Katt), has a bite supposedly half an hour old with an advanced stage of gangrene and bacterial infection. Dr. Felix (Felix Sabates) notes he has seen similar wounds before in Iraq soldiers, due to mustard gas. Joe's temperature is high, and when Block makes Joe open his mouth he is startled that his tongue is infected as well. Block squeezes a boil, making it burst and blood and fluid spurt onto his face. The infection on Joe's arm is spreading, so he calls in Dakota and tells Joe that he's going to amputate his arm. Dakota has three needles and injects Joe with all of them, making him pass out.On the road, Tammy is listening to a radio broadcast dedicated to the memory of someone named Jungle Julia when her car breaks down near the military base. While trying to hitch a ride she is attacked by the infected people (called sickos), who tear her apart and drag her body off the road. Wray and Cherry see them dragging the body, but think that it's just a dead deer. (Wray says that its best to run right through a deer if it's in front of you, because trying to swerve might cause you to crash.) He is immediately startled by a sicko in the road and swerves, losing control of his truck. The truck rolls over until its upside down, and Cherry gets after him for swerving; he replies that it wasn't just a deer in the road. Sickos suddenly grab Cherry and take her to the woods. Wray grabs a rifle and runs after her. By the time Wray catches up with them, the sickos have ripped off Cherry's right leg and have run off with it. Wray shoots the sickos, but they don't die. He puts Cherry in his truck and speeds off to the hospital.At the hospital, Cherry is barely awake when admitted. While Dr. Block asks Wray what happened, Sheriff Hague (Michael Biehn) arrives with Deputy Carlos (Carlos Gallardo) and Deputy Tolo (Tom Savini). Hague is startled to see Wray due to an unexplained secret in his past and asks why he's carrying a rifle. Hague arrests him as more sick people show up. Block calls Dakota over and shows her Tammy's corpse which also arrives. A doctor calls her a no-brainer, since she's missing the back of her head and her brain. Dakota gets upset and cries in a room while Block follows her. He knows that Tammy and Dakota used to have a lesbian relationship, and that they were going to run off that night. Block grabs one of Dakota's needles and stabs her hands with it, causing her hands to become numb. Before he can kill her, Block is called away by another doctor, but he first locks Dakota in the room. The other doctor tells him that all the dead bodies have disappeared from the morgue, with a thick trail of blood leading away.At the police station, Wray is permitted to make one phone call where he has a coded conversation with someone on the other end; Wray asks about something called DC-2, and asks more coded questions. Earl McGraw (Michael Parks), a local Texas Ranger, talks with Wray over his troubles, and leaves for home to care for his sick wife who's dying from lung cancer. Sheriff Hague keeps asking Wray who he really is when he gets a call from his brother J.T., who complains that there are two people loitering in front of his restaurant who aren't customers. Their conversation reveals that Hague owns the diner and is raising J.T.'s rent due to his brother's refusal to reveal his secret barbecue recipe. J.T. tells Hague not to bother coming over, since the people are coming in, but it turns out the people are sickos, and they presumably attack J.T...Back with the sheriff, Deputy Tolo arrives angry about some maniac that he arrested at Skip's club that bit off his finger. When the cops go outside to investigate, they see that the sicko has escaped from Tolos' cop car. Carlos finds Tolo's ring on the ground, but no finger. As he gives Tolo his ring back, Carlos is bitten on the arm and attacked by sickos. Before they react, Carlos is gruesomely torn apart and eaten by his attackers. Hague and Tolo shoot the sickos, but more show up. Hague and Tolo fight them off as Wray stays inside the station. Tolo is thrown hard against a car, but lives. More police officers, including an attractive female deputy, show up and blast away the sickos. Wray breaks free from his handcuffs after saving Hague's life, and tells him that he's going to the hospital to get Cherry. Hague tells him that they'll take his car. Hague's car explodes, and so the remaining cops get into the back of Wray's truck and head towards the hospital.At the home of Earl McGraw, he feeds his virtually catatonic cancer-stricken wife some soup. He looks away for a second, and when he looks back she's turned into a sicko; she attacks him almost instantly.Back at the hospital, more and more people are coming in with boils and infections. Dr. Felix and Dr. Block are unable to comprehend what's happening. As Dr. Block walks down a hallway, he looks into a room where Joe has turned into a sicko and walks towards him with a surgical saw. Joe cuts Block's glasses, but the saw shuts off when he walks too far away from the outlet, pulling out the plug. Instead, Joe bursts a boil on his face and smears his blood all over Blocks' face, infecting him. Also, Cherry wakes up in a hospital room, and is depressed over her severed leg.Dakota throws herself out of a window, landing in trash outside of the hospital. She goes to her car, but her hands are still numb. She puts her hand through the handle on her car door and kicks the door open, but loses her balance and falls, breaking her left wrist. Dakota gets into the car and puts her keys in with her mouth, then drives off and runs into a lot of cars. As she leaves, Wray and the cops show up. Wray tries to grab a gun, but is stopped by Hague. Instead, Wray grabs a couple of butterfly-knives out of the truck's glove compartment and runs into the hospital as the cops fight the sickos outside. Tolo accidentally shoots a hospital patient wondering around after mistaking him for a sicko.Wray enters the hospital and finds total mayhem has taken over; the infected corpses and injured are chasing and attacking both doctors and patients ripping them apart and eating them. With his two butterfly knives, Wray, like a professional fighter, charges into the carnage, brutally stabbing, slashing, slicing and dicing all the sickos in his path. He eventually makes it to Cherry's room where she's hiding under a sheet playing dead. He tells her to come with him as the hospital is now on fire from the mayhem, but she can't walk. Wray tells her to suck it up, and breaks a leg from a table, shoving it onto Cherry's stump. Cherry awkwardly walks with Wray through the hospital as he protects her from the sickos. They make it to his truck and drive off hoping to make it to J.T.'s place.Meanwhile at Dakota's house, the Crazy Babysitter Twins (Electra Avellan and Elise Avellan) talk on their cell phones with their boyfriends while Dakota's son plays with his pets which include a spider, scorpion, and turtle. Dakota, looking exhausted and dishevelled, comes home, and the babysitter twins get angry at her because her friend didn't show up to take her son on time. Dakota kicks them out of her house and tells her son that they have to leave, but before they do he takes every pet he has with them. While Dakota and her son, Tony, are in their car, the Crazy Babysitter Twins attack them with shovels and smash the windshield. She speeds off, causing one of the twins to land hard on the ground. Dakota drives to Earl McGraw's house, and gives her son a pistol. She tells him that if anyone other than her comes to the car, he must shoot them in the head like in his video games. He asks what if it's dad, and she tells him especially if it's him. Before she leaves, Dakota tells him to be careful or he'll shoot his own face off. As Dakota walks to the house, she hears a gunshot. She runs to the car to find that her son accidentally shot himself in the head. Her grief is interrupted by Block showing up, having turned into a sicko. He holds her by the hair, but she rips herself away from him, grabs her dead son, and knocks on the front door. Earl, who is revealed to be Dakota's father, lets her in; it is apparent from an axe that he's holding and from blood splattered all over the inside walls, that he has killed his infected wife.Wray and Cherry meet up with Sheriff Hague at J.T.'s restaurant with other survivors from the town where the Sheriff makes them deputies, and they make their way up a hill to J.T.'s. When they get there, they see J.T. lying down on the floor behind the counter, allegedly with his intestines ripped out. Upon further inspection, though, it turns out J.T. was merely unconscious with some barbecued sausages on his stomach, having killed all the sickos by shooting them in the head. Wray tries the sausage, and says that it is the best he's ever had. J.T. tastes the sauce and agrees. His brother, the sheriff, points out that he's bleeding from the temple and it's probably his own blood that's given the sauce the perfect flavour. Afterward, J.T. shows the group some of his escape vehicles. One of which is a chopper motorcycle, while the other is cut and chopped 1950s convertible automobile. Sheriff Hague continues to ask Wray who is really is, but Wray refuses to answer.Cherry and Wray discuss their previous relationship in J.T.'s bedroom. We learn that Cherry left Wray because he couldn't commit. Wray has Cherry look in the pocket of his coat (that she took when she left). She finds an engagement ring. They have sex.What happens after this is unclear to us due to a missing reel, which causes the film to stop abruptly and melt on screen. The theatre apologizes for the inconvenience.When we do get back to the movie, some 20 minutes of the story have passed. J.T.'s diner is engulfed in flames, besieged by dozens of sickos. A wounded Sheriff Hague is brought inside after he was accidentally shot in the neck by Tolo. More survivors have showed up at J.T.'s place (the babysitter twins, Cherry's boss Skip, Dakota, Earl, and several other people). Also, Wray has evidently told Hague who he really is, with both men hinting at some important dialogue that we would have heard if not for this missing reel. Hague gives his pistol to Wray, whom he now calls El Wray. Tolo is against it, but Hague wants Wray to have all the guns. Wray spins his pistols and becomes the leader of the group. Then Tolo is ripped apart and eaten by the sickos who break into the restaurant. The survivors, Wray, J.T., the wounded Hague, and the remaining survivors go outside and see that they're surrounded by the sickos. They unload all their pistols and rifles into them killing several of sickos, but more and more keep on coming. They retreat back inside the burning building and Wray says that someone needs to retrieve his truck so that they can leave. Cherry volunteers and hobbles out as Wray covers her by firing an assault rifle at the dozens of sickos outside. Cherry drives Wray's truck into the restaurant and Hague gets into the driver's seat. The others pile into the back while Skip gets into J.T.'s roofless convertible along with the babysitter twins and Dakota. Cherry rides the motorcycle, and Earl stays behind to provide cover for their escape. After they break through the sickos, the survivors stop at Dakota's car and pull out a minibike, Tony's Pocket Bike, out of the trunk. Dakota rides on the large motorcycle with Cherry as Wray leads the way on the tiny vehicle. They shoot more sickos on the road while Hague runs them over with the truck. J.T.'s dog unfortunately jumps out of the truck and is run over as well.Near the military base, they are blocked by a wall of sicko zombies on a bridge, which are killed by a bunch of soldiers coming up from behind. They are Muldoon and his men. Muldoon knows who Wray is, and has his men knock him out. When Wray wakes up, he finds himself locked up with the other survivors in the military base (Abby is there as well). We find out El Wray is actually a war veteran. The soldiers take survivors as prisoners. Abby reveals to Wray and the others that he is the scientist and businessman who has sold the virus, DC2, to the soldiers. They are infected, but can use the gas itself to control the symptoms.Two of the militants (one of them is played by a lecherous Quentin Tarantino) grab Cherry and Dakota. Wray tries to help, but is beaten up. On the elevator ride down, the lecherous soldier stops the elevator and takes off his gas mask. He threatens Cherry with his pistol while his face starts to boil. The other military guy tells him to put his mask back on, and when he does his face becomes normal again.Back in the cell, J.T. rambles on about the barbecue sauce recipe to distract the guard's attention. El Wray, J.T. and a sax playing prisoner (playing the movie's theme song) overpower the guards, but J.T. is shot. El Wray and Abby break out and find Lt. Muldoon who explains what it is actually happening. Lt. Muldoon and his soldiers were in Afghanistan; they'd accidentally found and killed Osama Bin Laden. But as this was against America's interest, so instead of medals they got gassed with DC2, a chemical weapon designed to wipe out entire cities. He figured that the best way to find a cure was to gas a whole town then take the survivors to extract a cure from them. While he talks he has not been wearing his gas mask, so he swells and blisters and finally is shot and killed by El Wray.Meanwhile, the rapist soldier tells Cherry to dance on her wooden leg, and takes off his gas mask. While she dances, Cherry hits him in the head with her wooden leg, splintering it to a sharp point which she then stabs him in the eye with. Furious, he drops his pants, and we see his crotch turn to mush melt away. Cherry is horrified and backs away. Dakota, finally getting some feeling back into her hands, shoots a dart-like needle in his other eye. Abby and El Wray arrive and shoot the rapist and his partner. They all go back to fetch the others. Sheriff Hague and J.T. are both near death from their gunshot wounds, so they are left behind, in control of a bomb. El Wray sticks a specially crafted custom-made M4A1 carbine assault rifle/M203 grenade launcher into Cherry's stump. She uses it to open the door to the command centre, shooting a grenade through the rapist, whose condition has worsened severely. She shoots all the men in the command centre with the rifle.The survivors force their way through the dying soldiers to a couple of helicopters using Cherry's new leg and their own guns. The fatally wounded J.T. and Sheriff Hague volunteer to stay behind and blow up the stash of DC-2 canisters with a remote control detonate that El Wray gives to J.T. After the survivors file out of the building, and engage in a gunfight with the soldiers outside, whom are starting to transform into sickos, J.T. finally tells Hague the secret to his rib recipe (canned tomatoes), then blows up the military base. Storming the helicopters, Abby gets killed and Dakota is attacked by Dr. Block in zombie state. Her father, Earl McGraw, suddenly appears and kills him. During the final battle, Cherry launches herself off the ground with her grenade launcher and blows up a bunch of sickos mid-air. When she lands, she spins around and blasts them away. The survivors make it behind the walls and fight the sickos. One of them shoots a rocket at Cherry, but she dodges it and blows him up. All looks well, and Cherry watches the base burn, but doesn't notice a sicko soldier behind her. Wray and the soldier unload into each other, and Cherry runs to the dying Wray.Everyone gets into the helicopter and Skip flies it, but not before he cuts through a group of sickos with the helicopter's rotary blades. The Crazy Babysitter Twins laugh with glee over the bloodbath and enjoy taking pot-shots themselves at the sickos on the ground, while one gets into the co-pilot seat and turns on the helicopter's windshield wipers to wash the blood splattered on the front windowsEl Wray tells Cherry to go to the ocean, turn her back to the sea, and fight. Cherry pleads with him, asking him not to forget his promise of two against the world; he says that the promise is still good, as he has made her pregnant (I told you, I never miss). Wray dies, and Cherry grabs onto a lowered rope from the helicopter as it flies away.Cut to Mexico one year later. Cherry tells us via voice-over that she's found other survivors, and that they took Wray's advice and settled down near the ocean in a remote part of Mexico. On the beach, Skip is enjoying this new lifestyle with the Crazy Babysitter Twins by his side, with several armed survivors, including Dakota, patrolling the area for sickos. A sicko pops out to attack a small child in the crowd of survivors when Cherry blasts him away with her new chain-machine gun attached to her leg. The final shot shows Cherry and her baby daughter, the product from her brief period of sex with El Wray, being happy... two against the world.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  humor, 

title: The Thing from Another World
synopsis: At an officers club Anchorage Alaska, Ned Scotty Scott (Douglas Spencer) meets with a group of air force officers playing cards. Amid the small talk Scott tells the men that he is a reporter looking for a story. One of the officers admits that a large number of scientists are at the North Pole. Scotty takes an interest on the matter but nothing more is said.Captain Patrick Hendry (Kenneth Tobey) is paged to General Fogarty's quarters. Fogarty explains that a strange aircraft has been found at the pole, Hendry is put in charge of the recovery mission. Remembering the earlier conversation he asks if Scott can fly up with the recovery team.Arriving at the pole they meet with the scientists who are excited about the potential of the find. Hendry catches up with a science assistant Nikki Nicholson (Margaret Sheridan). It is clear from their encounter they have an extensive social past.Nikki introduces Hendry to Dr. Arthur Carrington (Robert Cornthwaite) leader of the scientist based at the north pole. Carrington tells Hendry the crashed aircraft is located about 48 miles from the base. When the plane crashed instruments recorded an explosion and magnetic flux disturbance that indicates the plane weighs approximately 20,000 tons.Hendry suggests that, given the recorded weight of the vessel, they must be dealing with a meteor. Carrington, however, shows him a number of radar tracks that show the object change course and speed a number of times before crashing.The expedition flies to the location to begin to unravel the mystery, as they approach the reported location the aircraft's compass begins to malfunction then Geiger counters begin registering erratic levels of radiation. Finally they see a teardrop-shaped area in the snow.Arriving at the actual crash site they realize whatever landed was so hot that it melted enough snow to sink down so that only a stabilizer fin is protruding from the ice. To establish the actual size of the craft the team slowly spreads out over the object. After a few minutes it becomes obvious the craft is circular. We finally got one exclaims a scientist, believing they have just located a UFO.Thermite bombs are used to melt the ice around the craft, unfortunately something in the metal used to build the ship reacts to the Thermite and the scientist look on in horror as the whole vehicle disintegrates destroying all evidence of the ship and its origins. A minute later, second object is found in the ice near the remains of the spaceship and on closer investigation they believe it may have been the pilot of the ship. Not willing to risk Thermite's contamination, they cut the creature out of the ice and make plans to transport the complete block of ice back to base.At the base, Hendry refuses to allow the scientists to defrost the block. After the destruction of the ship he doesn't intend to take any more chances He also has a concern about potential disease that may be carried by the creature, or what could happen once the creature's body is exposed to Earth's atmosphere.To secure the block Hendry moves it to a storeroom then breaks the windows to stop any possibility of the ice melting. Hendry sets watches at 4 hour intervals. The first watch is stood by Lt. Ken Mac Macpherson (Robert Nichols). The base radioman, Corporal Barnes (William Self) reports that the weather has cut the base of from communication with the outside world. He cannot receive messages but thinks he might still be able to send.Hendry gives him a report on the situation, as well as a request from the scientists to examine the creature. Later that night Barnes reports he got through and has received instructions. Scott is frustrated that someone in Washington has leaked the story, and although he is the only reporter at the base, no one can hear his story. General Fogerty has also forwarded Hendry's report to the highest levels of government, and is waiting for further instructions.Everyone standing watch on the creature is becoming badly spooked. The ice block has become a little transparent and the creature's face can be seen. The eyes give the impression the creature is still alive, Hendry adjusts the watch from four to two hours.The base settles in for the night and Nikki confides in Hendry that she is unsure about what to make out of the situation. She also compliments Hendry on his handling of the situation; she then offers to buy him a drink. They retire to her office and the obvious attraction begins to flower, ending in a steamy kiss and admission of mutual attraction.Back at the storage room, Barnes has taken over the watch on the creature. The creature's appearance has him spooked and not thinking, he throws an electric blanket over the block of ice causing it to defrost unnoticed. Distracted by the novel he is reading, Barnes doesn't notice movement behind him before it is too late. Jumping to his feet he draws and fires his pistol as he retreats from the storage room.Somewhat hysterical, Barnes reports to Hendry and the scientists that the creature is alive and it chased him. Hendry and the group return to the room to find the hollowed out block of ice and creature is gone. Through a broken window they can hear a battle going on between the camp dogs and the creature. The men race to the aid of the dogs, but the creature escapes.The scientists discover an arm of the creature torn off during the attack. The scientists begin investigating the arm. First they discover the arm is made of chitin and laced with barbs and they suspect this makes the creature amazingly strong. The arm also appears to have no nerves and the cellular structure is identical to vegetable matter.Dr. Carrington, having found seed pods attached to the creature's arms, surmises that on its home planet, plants rather than animals evolved into intelligent beings. As the debate continues the arm begins to move by itself. Carrington theorizes that some of the frozen blood from one of the huskies had been absorbed into the arm, causing temporary re-animation. Although surprised, thinks this is caused by various parts of the creature being able to become independent organisms.Hendry is concerned the creature may re-enter the base. Everyone is armed with guns and axes and a search begins. At the greenhouse, Carrington notices something wrong with some molds near the back door of the greenhouse. After the soldiers leave, Carrington points out to some of the scientist that a number of the most temperature sensitive plants have died, probably from exposure to cold air. They conclude that the back door to the greenhouse had been open for a short time, allowing a blast of cold air inside. Searching the room they discover the body of a dog in a small storage container, drained of blood. The creature had been there and had fed on the dog. He asks the scientists to watch the room that night without telling Hendry.Having swept the base, Hendry searches outside. On returning he is greeted by Dr. Chapman, who badly injured he explains the scientists have been attacked and killed in the greenhouse. Chapman adds that he saw the bodies of his comrades hanging from rafters and appeared bled dry of blood.Hendry races to the greenhouse and orders the door opened. He is immediately attacked by the alien. Escaping Hendry closes the door then shores it up to stop the creature breaking into the rest of the base. Hendry scolds Carrington for sacrificing the lives of his comrades -- when the door was open, Hendry saw them hanging from the ceiling with their throats cut.Carrington later quietly gathers the remaining scientists and explains the situation. The alien is intelligent and he believes the creature intends to kill everyone at the base. He then shows them an experiment he's set up. Taking a number of seeds from the creatures arm, he's planted them and fed them a diet of blood from the stores in the infirmary. Within four hours the seeds had sprouted and were continuing to grow quickly. Using a stethoscope he believes he can hear the plants wailing like new born children looking for food. Some of the scientists are repulsed by Carrington's actions and try to convince him to tell Hendry. He refuses believing only the scientists can save the situation.Nikki finds Hendry and shows him Carrington's notes. Hendry realizes this explains a secondary issue they have had: to find the basic blood supply that is needed to treat Chapman for his injuries.Hendry confronts Carrington, who refuses to buckle and stop the experiment. Hendry wants the plants destroyed and the creature trapped and destroyed in the greenhouse. A message from Fogerty interrupts the exchange, he has instructed all efforts must be made to keep the alien alive. Carrington sees this as validation for his actions.Frustrated and deciding Fogarty is not in full understanding of what is happening at the base, Hendry decides to ignore the General's instructions. He gathers all the military personnel in the mess hall to consider options. They agree on an idea of dousing the creature with kerosene and lighting it, hopefully cooking the alien. Nikki points out one of the Geiger counters has begun to react. It means the creature is on the move and if the readings are correct, heading for the mess hall.Everyone scrambles to get ready as the alien bursts into the room. They successfully ignite the kerosene and set the Thing on fire, but the creature escapes back outside using the snow to douse the flames. Scotty, wanting to take a picture of the monster, fails to do so when he trips over a nearby bunk. Regrouping the men decide to repeat the attack, only this time using a lot more kerosene. However, the method proves to be more dangerous.The creature shows its intelligence by cutting the oil flow to the heating system. Hendry believes the creature is trying to set its own trap. Anyone who attempts to repair the oil line will be ambushed and killed. Hendry thinks if this fails the creature will next attack the power generators. One of the other scientists recommends a safer trap using electricity from wires strung from the rafters of the camp's main tunnel & a grating placed beneath the floor.Frantic preparations ensure as the men build barricades to force the creature to approach from a specific direction. Almost as soon as they are finished one of the men reports movement near his barricade. The creature moves off and then begins attacking in the direction needed to trigger the trap.Suddenly the lights go out and Nikki screams that Carrington has cut the power, Carrington is quickly overpowered and the all important power is restored.Furious Carrington rushes towards the creature and tries to explain to it that humans are intelligent and that both species could learn from each other. The creature seems completely unimpressed with the encounter and swats Carrington away before once again advancing menacingly. Hendry sees his chance and springs the trap as electrical bolts hit the Thing. The creature struggles briefly before being reduced to a small pile of ash. Nothing is recognizable; no evidence is left to show the threat from space ever existed.A little later, the men are gathered and going over what's been accomplished. Carrington is alive and only mildly injured. The men report that all Carrington's notes have been destroyed along with the alien arm and all the seedlings.With things settling down Nikki corners Hendry and discusses the possibility of taking their friendship a step further and would he consider settling down. He seems to suggest he might and they go to a corner to discuss their future.The radio is now transmitting and receiving clearly, Scott takes the opportunity to send his story to the assembled newsmen back in Anchorage. After recapping events he ends his broadcast with a chilling note. Watch the skies, everywhere, keep looking, and keep watching the skies.
tags: cult,  horror,  murder, 

title: The Dorm That Dripped Blood
synopsis: A young college man is seen running from an unseen pursuer. As he is hiding, hands grab his throat and he is strangled to death.Dayton Hall is a dormitory that is about to be turned into an apartment complex. Five students have volunteered to help with the cleanup, supervised by Joanne. At a party, Joanne's boyfriend, Tim, tries to convince her to move into an apartment with him, but Joanne wants time to think about it. After she says goodbye to Tim (who is leaving with some friends to go skiing), Joanne prepares the cleaning schedule for the next two weeks. She learns that one of the five students, Debbie, has to leave that night with her parents, leaving Joanne with Patti, Brian, and Craig.Debbie helps with the cleanup for a long as she can and then goes back to her own dorm to wait for her parents. Before she leaves, she heads to the room to get the inventory list from the storage room. Debbie's mother and father arrive and wait for her in their Bronco truck. The father walks up the stairs of the dorm to her room to see what is taking so long, but on the stairway he encounters someone who beats him with a nail-studded baseball bat. While the mother continues to wait in the truck, the back door of the truck slowly opens. Debbie comes down the stairs and sees her dead father at the foot of the stairs. She runs outside to the truck, only to find her mother's dead body inside. Debbie is hit on the head and falls to the ground unconscious. The unseen killer drags her to the truck's back tire, puts the vehicle in reverse and mashes Debbie's head. The dead bodies of Debbie, her mother and father are put in the truck and driven away.The next morning, Patti goes to the supply room. She sees a homeless bum scavenging in the trash bin. When she tells the others about the wired-looking guy with the fuzzy hair, Brian says that the man is named John Hemmit; he often hangs around Dayton Hall, but he is harmless. Bill talks to Joanne and complains about someone stealing his power drill. Afterwords, Joanne meets with Bobby Lee Tremble, who has arrived about the desks being sold from Dayton Hall. Bobby Lee mentions occasionally driving by the dormitory.That night, after playing pool, Patti goes for a beer and is startled when she sees Hemmit at the window. Brian runs outside to get Hemmit, but he returns without seeing him. The group then splits up to search for the bum. At home, Bobby Lee gives Joanne a ring and asks if she would like to get together. His lady friend, Alice, nags him about the phone calls, and Bobby Lee decides to go out for a drive.The next day, Bill goes to the bathroom to clean up. While he is washing his hands, the unseen killer shows up with the drill and returns the drilling by drilling right in the back of Bill's head.Brian and Craig are outside when Hemmit walks by. Craig confronts and threatens him to stay away from the dorm while Brian tells Craig to lay off Hemmit.An elaborate dinner is planned for the evening, but while Craig is getting candles, some food is stolen. Assuming that Hemmit is in the house, Craig searches for the bum, while Joanne goes to get the others. When she finally finds Brian, they all meet back at the table to see that someone has beaten the food and dishes with a baseball bat. The group gives a description of Hemmit to a police officer, who tells the students that it sounds like something the cops had picked up earlier.While on the telephone to her mother, Joanne hears noises on the room. She calls Patti, who comes over to Joanne's room. Joanne then realizes that the phones are now dead. Brian is seen playing pool when the power in the building goes out. While running up the stairs, he is attacked by the unseen killer with a machete. Craig joins Patti and Joanne to ask about the power failure. Craig and Patti go to check the fuse box. Once there, Craig is knocked unconscious, and Patti is murdered. Craig gets back to Joanne and tells her what happened. The two of them see Hemmit walking around outside, carrying a bloody machete. Arming themselves, Joanne and Craig go out in the hall to find and confront the killer.Soon they run into Hemmit, who knocks out Craig. Joanne runs and eventually finds Brian's dead body. Joanne grabs the machete from out of Brian's corpse and wounded Hemmit. He tells her You've got to trust me. Not believing him, she hits him again with the machete. She meets again with Craig and Hemmit appears once again. While Joanne gets Hemmit's attention, Craig begins to struggle with him over the machete until Joanne intervenes and hits Hemmit on the head with a baseball bat, killing him at last. Craig seems very pleased and he says to Joanne: It's been me the whole time. Suddenly realizing that Craig is the killer, Joanne runs away.Bobby Lee arrives at the dorm and hears Joanne's screams and cries for help. While hiding, Joanne is knocked out by Craig, and soon him and Bobby Lee are fighting over the machete. When Bobby Lee bests Craig and grabs the machete away from him, the police show up and see Bobby Lee standing over Craig with the machete. Mistakenly thinking that Bobby Lee is the killer, they pull out their guns and tell Bobby Lee to freeze. Craig, acting like a scared victim for the police officers, tells them that Bobby Lee has killed everyone and pleads to shoot him. Craig then sinisterly whispers to Bobby Lee that he is a dead man. When Bobby Lee lunges for Craig, he is shot and killed by the policemen. The police help Craig to his feet who continues play-acting as a frightened survivor. He tells the officers that the rest of his friends are dead and they are up on the seventh floor. When the officers run out, Craig picks up the still unconscious Joanne, carries her to the basement to the incinerator and drops her inside. Joanne is burned alive screaming, while the murderous and psychotic Craig calmly walks out of the building having gotten away with everything. The policemen left in the building begin to wonder what the horrible stench is that just circulated all through the dorm.
tags: cruelty,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday
synopsis: The undead serial killer Jason Voorhees returns to Camp Crystal Lake. An undercover government agent lures Jason into a trap set by the FBI, and several armed men blow him to bits, destroying his body. His remains are sent to a morgue, where a coroner becomes possessed by Jason's spirit after ingesting Jason's putrid heart. Jason, now in the coroner's body, escapes the morgue, leaving a trail of death.
At Crystal Lake, he finds three partying teens. While two of them have sex, Jason kills the third, then the other two. Jason attacks two police officers, killing one and possessing the other. Meanwhile, bounty hunter Creighton Duke discovers only members of Jason's bloodline can truly kill him, and he will return to his normal and near-invincible state if he possesses a member of his family. The only living relatives of Jason are his half-sister Diana Kimble, her daughter Jessica, and Stephanie, the infant daughter of Jessica and Steven Freeman.
Jason makes his way to Diana's house. Steven bursts in and attacks Jason. Diana is killed and Jason escapes. Steven is falsely accused and arrested for Diana's murder, and meets Duke, who reveals Jessica's relation to Jason. Determined to get to Jessica before Jason does, Steven escapes from jail. Jessica is dating tabloid TV reporter Robert Campbell. Steven goes to the Voorhees house to find evidence to convince Jessica but falls through rotten boards. Robert enters the upstairs room and receives a phone call which reveals that he is attempting to spice up his show's ratings by putting emphasis on Jason's return from death, having stolen Diana's body from the morgue for this reason. Jason bursts in and transfers his heart into Robert, while the body he left melts. Jason leaves with Steven in pursuit. Jason attempts to be reborn through Jessica but is disrupted by Steven, who hits him and takes Jessica into his car. Steven stalls Jason by running him over. When he tries to explain the situation to Jessica, she disbelieves him and throws him out of the car. Jessica goes to the police station.
Jason arrives at the police station and kills most of the officers. He nearly possesses Jessica before Steven stops him; Jessica realizes Steven is right. In the chaos, Duke makes his escape. Jessica and Steven make their way to the diner to grab the baby. Jason arrives but is attacked by the owners of the shop. He kills the owners but is injured by waitress Vicki, who shoots him with a shotgun then impales him with an iron rod, but then impales her on the same rod before crushing her head, killing her. Jason is presumably killed, and Jessica and Steven discover a note from Duke, telling them that he has the baby and demands that Jessica meet him at the Voorhees house alone.
Jessica meets Duke at the Voorhees house and is given a mystical dagger which she can use to permanently kill Jason. A police officer enters the diner where Robert, possessed, transfers his heart into him. Duke falls through the floor, and Jessica is confronted by Landis and Randy. Landis is killed accidentally with the dagger, and Jessica drops the dagger. Randy, possessed, attempts to be reborn through Stephanie, but Steven arrives and severs his neck with a machete. Jason's heart, which has grown into a demonic infant, crawls out of Randy's neck to Diana's dead body in the basement. Steven and Jessica pull Duke out of the basement as Jason discovers Diana's body and slithers up her vagina, allowing him to be reborn.
While Steven and Jessica attempt to retrieve the dagger, Duke distracts Jason and is killed with a bear hug. Jason turns his attention to Jessica, and Steven tackles Jason, who both fight outside while Jessica retrieves the dagger. Jason badly brutalizes Steven and when he is about to kill him, Jessica stabs Jason in the chest, releasing the souls Jason accumulated over time. Demonic hands burst out of the ground and pull Jason into the depths of Hell. Steven and Jessica reconcile and walk off into the sunrise with their baby. Later a dog unearths Jason's mask while digging in the dirt. Freddy Krueger's gloved hand bursts out of the dirt and pulls Jason's mask into the ground as Freddy's signature laughter is heard.
tags: violence,  horror,  sadist, 

title: The Grudge
synopsis: This is taken from Wikipedia - set in chronological order, but not the order of the film. The film begins with the suicide of Peter, and ends with Karen in the hospital. This is a synopsis of the director's cut, so some events may not be featured in the original PG-13 version.Kayako Saeki (Takako Fuji), a young Japanese woman, is unhappily married to Takeo Saeki (Takashi Matsuyama). She becomes obsessed with Peter Kirk (Bill Pullman), an American college professor working in Tokyo. She writes about her feelings for him in a diary. She follows him and sends him love letters. One night, Kayako returns home and enters her bedroom upstairs. She finds her husband reading her diary. In a rage, Takeo attacks Kayako, shoving her to the floor, banging the walls while yelling and screaming. Kayako breaks her ankle and crawls down the stairs, but before she can escape, Takeo catches her and snaps her neck.Takeo looks up to see their eight-year-old son, Toshio Saeki (Yuya Ozeki), at the top of the stairs; a witness to the murder. Takeo drags Toshio to the bathroom and drowns him in the bathtub. Takeo also slits Toshio's cat's throat and tosses the carcass on the floor of the bathroom. He wraps Kayako's body in plastic trash bags and places it far in the corner of the attic. He puts Toshio's body in his bedroom closet and tapes it shut with Duct tape, and then hangs himself.In order to find out why Kayako is sending him the letters, Peter Kirk comes to the Saeki residence the next day with one of Kayako's love letters in hand. He sees Toshio's hands hanging out of the bathroom window, bruised and scratched. Peter goes inside and decides to stay with the boy until the parents return. Peter looks through the rest of the house, entering Takeo and Kayako's bedroom in the back where he finds several family photos in a pile on the floor. Kayako's face has been torn out of every one of them. He finds Kayako's diary and thumbs through it, learning more about Kayako's obsession with him.The closet door catches his eye and, upon inspecting it, he finds the cut-outs of Kayako's face nailed all over the door and smeared with blood. Kayako's lifeless corpse falls out from the attic and lands on the closet shelf. Peter runs into the hall and hears thumping noises coming from Toshio's room and finds Takeo hanging from a noose of Kayako's hair. The next morning, in front of his wife, Maria (Rosa Blasi), Peter commits suicide by jumping off the balcony just outside his apartment bedroom.Matthew Williams (William Mapother), his wife, Jennifer (Clea DuVall), and ailing mother, Emma (Grace Zabriskie) move to Tokyo as a result of Matthew's promotion. His sister, Susan (KaDee Strickland), also lives in Tokyo and helps them find a home. Matthew and Jennifer decide on a suburban house despite Emma's strange reactions to the place. Emma's health and condition deteriorate rapidly following the move. Jennifer becomes disenchanted with life in Japan as she cannot sleep during (what she assumes to be) Emma's restless stirrings, unable to speak the language, and has gotten lost once on a walk. Matthew assures her things will improve and that if they don't, the family will return to the United States.Jennifer falls asleep on a couch in the living room, after having made and partially eaten a bowl of ramen, which she left on the table. The sound of the bowl hitting the floor wakes her. She scolds Emma for making the mess, but then sees a trail of wet child's footprints leading out to the hall. She sees a cat on the landing of the stairs and sees a pair of white arms gently pick it up. She continues upstairs and enters her bedroom (Toshio's former bedroom). The door closes behind her.Matthew returns from work and finds the house in complete disarray with trash strewn everywhere. He calls out to his wife, who doesn't answer. He finally finds her on their bed, unable to move or speak and struggling to breathe. Before he can call an ambulance, he is startled by the sudden appearance of a young boy making cat sounds. He backs up against the closet as Toshio appears suddenly over his head.Later, Susan is preparing to leave the office. After attempting to call, Susan increasingly becomes concerned from not being able to reach Matthew. She then attempts to visit the house, but she is stopped by the sound of moaning coming from the hallway. She quickly exits to the stairs but is frightened when the lights start to flicker and shatter. Susan looks over the railing to see Kayako's ghost crawling up the stairs. Susan flees to the security office, seeking help. There, the security guard promises to go check it out. Susan watches the monitor as the security guard investigates. Kayako's black ghost materializes in the hallway and walks toward the security camera, and Susan runs.Susan takes a taxi cab back to her apartment. She enters an elevator, and it ascends several floors. Susan does not notice, however, that Toshio is standing outside each set of elevator doors she passes. Susan makes it safely inside when her phone rings. It is Matthew claiming to have forgotten her apartment number and asking to be buzzed inside. She tells him where to find her and activates the buzzer with the phone. Before she can hang up, the doorbell rings immediately. Thinking Matthew couldn't possibly have had time to arrive, she checks the peephole of the door. Shocked to find it is Matthew, Susan believes he is pranking her. She angrily throws open the door, but no one is there. The death rattle sound emerges loudly through the phone in Susan's hand. She drops and breaks the phone, yet the death rattle can still be heard. Cowering in bed, Susan reaches beneath the covers and pulls out the rabbit's foot phone charm from her phone and drops it in fear. A lump billows from underneath the covers and moves toward Susan. She lifts the sheets and finds herself staring into the face of Kayako's ghost. It yanks her under the covers, and the sheets fall flat upon the now empty bed.Yoko (Yoko Maki) is a girl whose work is to take care of Emma and clean the house. When picking up trash on the floor and stairs, she hears someone walking around up in the attic. Following the noise, Yoko enters a closet in the bedroom and sees a small door in the ceiling, which leads to the attic. Using a lighter, Yoko sticks her head up through the door and slowly turns around, looking for the source of the sound. She eventually comes face to face with the ghost of Kayako Saeki, who attacks her, dragging her up into the closet.Karen Davis (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is then called in to work at the house and care for Emma after Yoko disappears. While working, Karen finds a room that's been taped shut with cat-like noises coming from it. When she rips off the tape and opens the door, she finds a little boy (Toshio). The boy refuses to come downstairs so she asks him for his name. Toshio, he says, in a toneless, eerie voice. Emma begins stirring and muttering in the other room. As Karen calms her, a dark shadow of hair emerges from a corner of the room, terrifying Emma. Karen looks up to see Kayako reaching for Emma. Kayako's hair, which was covering her face, flies back to reveal the whites of her eyes. The irises roll into place and focus on Karen as she backs away in fright.Alex, Karen's boss, finally arrives to find Emma dead and Karen in a state of shock. Karen is taken to the hospital while detectives question Alex. Detective Nakagawa (Ryo Ishibashi) asks Alex about the people that lived there, and tell him that Yoko has been missing from work. The detectives notice that the phone handset is missing from the cradle and push the page button. They trace the sounds to the attic where they discover the corpses of Matthew and his wife. They also make the grisly discovery of a human jaw and wonder to whom it belongs and where the rest of the body might be. Later in the movie, Yoko is spotted again by Alex as she is shuffling down the stairs of the caretaking facility where Alex, Karen, and Yoko work. As he is walking towards her, he accidentally slips on a liquid, which he discovers is blood when he touches it. Alex calls out repeatedly to Yoko, who does not answer in any way until she reaches the bottom of the stairs. She then turns around to reveal her face, now horribly disfigured without her jaw and her tongue is hanging out. Alex screams in terror, and the screen fades to black.Karen tells her story to detectives, emphasizing the appearance of a boy. Over the next few days, she is constantly tormented by Kayako, in her shower, on a bus, etc. Frightened but determined, she begins to research the history of the house. Eventually, she learns of the murders.Detective Nakagawa becomes convinced that the rash of deaths and missing people is connected to the house when he views the entire security video taken at Susan's office building. He watches as Kayako proceeds down the hall, then to come face to face with the camera as the video fuzzes out. He then returns to the Saeki house with two cans of gasoline. He is distracted by sounds of Toshio drowning in the bath tub. He enters and finds a boy hanging out of the tub, and tries to revive him. His eyes snap open, and Takeo appears behind him. He shoves Nakagawa into the tub and drowns him like Toshio.Karen questions Maria Kirk, Peter's widow, who does not appear to know anything about the house, its occupants, or why her husband committed suicide. She allows Karen to search through old photos. Karen discovers a living Kayako in the background of every photograph, clearly following the couple. Karen then attempts to go talk with her boyfriend, Doug (Jason Behr), at their apartment. However, she discovers he has gone looking for her after his own investigation. Karen then returns to the house in search of Doug.Inside the house, Karen experiences a flashback of Peter Kirk's visit. She watches him, reliving the experience with him finding the body of Kayako and leaving the home. Karen flees downstairs. Doug grabs her ankle before she leaves. He is incapacitated, and she tries to drag him to the door. A door opens upstairs. Kayako's ghost crawls down the stairs toward them, and Doug dies in the same way Jennifer Williams did. Karen opens the door, but Kayako's ghost is suddenly there. She slams the door and kicks over one of the gas cans. She takes Doug's lighter and tosses it onto the gas as Doug suddenly becomes Kayako. The screen goes white. (In the director's cut, there are shots of Karen being put into an ambulance van).At the hospital, Karen learns that the house was saved from burning and mourns Doug's dead body. Suddenly, Kayako's hair and arm comes from beneath the sheet that covers him, but Karen realizes that it's just her imagination. Kayako then appears behind Karen. As Kayako utters her death-rattle, the movie ends with an eyeshot of her.
tags: neo noir,  gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  haunting,  flashback, 

title: Night of the Comet
synopsis: A comet, which has not passed by Earth for 65 million years, is again about to swing by the planet. Most people are partying, but a few are concerned that the Earth will be passing through the comet's tail. These include a team of scientists that enter a bunker in the desert just outside of the Los Angeles the night that the comet is to appear.That same night 18 year-old Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) is working as a theater usher. Instead of going home after the last performance she calls her stepmom, Doris (Sharon Farrell) and tells her she will be out all night at the observatory with her science class. She really intends to spend the night with her semi-boyfriend, Larry (Michael Bowen), having sex in the steel-lined projection room. Larry, the projectionist, is waiting for someone to return a film he loaned them so they could make a pirated copy.Back at home Regina's 16 year-old cheerleader sister, Samantha (Kelli Maroney) gets in an argument with Doris accusing her of sleeping with a neighbor while her Sam's father is away with the military in Honduras. Doris decks Samantha and she runs away from the house.The next morning Larry and Regina awake to find that the film has not been returned. Larry intends to go and get it while Regina stays at the theater to let him back in. While she waits she plays an arcade game and manages to beat the score of some unknown person with initials DMK, who had topped her previous high score.When Larry leaves the back of the theater he is attacked and killed by a zombie who drags him off to eat him.Regina goes looking for Larry and is surprised to see his motorcycle still sitting there. She is then attacked by the zombie, but her father has given her self-defense training and she is able to get away, jump on the motorcycle and take off.On the way home she sees that there is no traffic on the roads and no people on the sidewalks. Only clothes and red dust. The sky is also a strange shade of red. She begins to realize that something bad has happened. On the street at her home she again sees that there is nothing around but empty clothes and red dust. She is surprised to find her sister is alive, however, still dressed in her cheerleader outfit from yesterday. Samantha, who doesn't realize that anything is wrong yet, tells Regina that she ran away last night, but remembered she didn't have any place to go, so she spent the night in the steel garden shed.Samantha has a hard time accepting that all the other people on Earth have been turned to dust by the comet. Regina speculates that the steel of the projection booth and the shed somehow protected them. The girls turn on the radio and find that the local station is still operating, so they jump in a car and head into the city to see if anyone is there.They find that the station is completely automated. They also find they have company, however. Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran) is a trucker who spent the night in the back of his steel trailer with a girl he picked up. When the two arrived at the city and saw it was deserted , the girl panicked, ran off and was eaten by some of the zombies. Hector has also came to the radio station to see if anyone survived.Samantha gets on the air and asks anyone who is still alive to phone the station. She soon gets a call from the scientists at the bunker. They advise her that the comet has caused most of the population to turn to dust. People who only got partial exposure will turn to zombies before they succumb to the same fate. They tell her to stay where she is and they will come and rescue them tomorrow.Hector stays the night but tells Regina that he needs to go to his parent's house in San Diego to see if they survived. He promises he will return.At the bunker Carter (Geoffrey Lewis), the lead scientist, argues with Audrey (Mary Woronov) the head doctor. She complains that they should not be bringing outsiders into the bunker. Carter replies that under the circumstances they do not have a choice. As they watch a helicopter arrives carrying two survivors, an elementary age boy and girl wearing PJs.Samantha and Regina raid local military armory to get some automatic weapons to defend themselves (Luckily their father also taught them how to shoot). Samantha is depressed as it seems that Regina has already locked up the affections of only available man on the planet, Hector. Samantha has also developed a rash, something that occurs every time she feels stressed. To cheer her up Regina suggests they go shopping.At his parent's home, Hector confirms that his family is dead. He gathers a few keepsakes, but has to leave the house in a hurry when he is chased by a zombfied neighborhood boy.The girls hit a large department store and have some fun dressing up in fancy outfits they would never have been able to afford a few days before. Unfortunately they are being watched from the security cameras by a group of former stock boys who now feel they own the store. As the head stock boy taunts them from the PA, the others try to grab the girls. This leads to a gunfight. The boys finally capture Samantha, forcing Regina to surrender.The scientists arrive at the radio station, but find it empty. On a hunch they decide to check the department store.In the basement the boys have chained the girls back-to-back. The head stock boy removes his sunglasses and we see that the boys have been partially exposed and are turning to zombies. They play a game of Russian Roulette putting a gun to Samantha's forehead and pulling the trigger. If it fires the bullet will travel first through Sam's head and out, then through the back of Regina's skull, killing them both.Before the fatal bullet is fired, however, the boys are surprised by the arriving scientists who machine gun them down and rescue the girls. The scientists, seeing Samantha itching, assume she has been partly exposed. They do not tell her that, but have her wait with Audrey and another scientist, Oscar (John Achorn) for Hector's return while Regina is immediately flown back to the bunker.Audrey injects Samantha with something that causes her to go unconscious. Oscar believes that Audrey has put the girl down to spare her from becoming a zombie. The two argue and Audrey tells Oscar that she no longer wants to be a party to taking survivors back to the bunker. He draws his gun, but Audrey is faster with hers and kills him.Back at the bunker, Carter tries to question Regina, but she is being uncooperative. In another room we see two nurses with two adult males lying unconscious on tables. They discuss how the survivors are being brought to the bunker so they can be used as a source of uncontaminated blood. To make them produce as much blood as possible they are operated on and made brain dead so they simply become blood making machines. The nurses note that they can get 300cc per day out of the men, but expect that the children will produce much less. They note that Regina, being a young and healthy teenager, should produce a large about of blood.Hector arrives back at the radio station to find Audrey, who is now very close to going zombie. While she injects herself with a lethal dose of drugs, she explains that the scientists accidently left the vents open on the bunker and received a partial exposure. They are tracking down survivors hoping that if they can get enough uncontaminated blood they can create a serum to reverse the effect.At the bunker Regina demands to know where her sister is. Carter, who is starting to turn, tells her that Samantha has been euthanized before she could become a zombie. Regina is taken by guards to the medical area to prepare her for becoming a blood donor.Samantha is fine as Audrey only gave her a sedative. She and Hector arrive at the bunker and Hector knocks out the guard and rigs the trucks parked outside, while Samantha sneaks inside. She finds Regina and they are able to rescue the kids from the nurses just before they were about to start operating. Regina, Samantha and the kids escape and run to the car where Hector is waiting. The scientists attempt to pursue them in the trucks, but Hector has sabotaged them and they blow up.Back in L.A. the rain has washed away the last of the dust and the sky has cleared. Hector, Regina and the two kids have become a family unit. Regina is taking pictures of the them dressed in new clothes. Samantha, dressed like she ready to go to the beach, waits for them, apparently feeling left out. Mocking her sister for not letting the children cross against the stoplight in the deserted city, Samantha is nearly run over herself by a racing sports car. It is driven by a handsome teenager who apologies and tells her his name is Danny Mason Keener (Marc Poppel). He invites her for a ride and Samantha is delighted to find a boy her age. As they drive off we see his license plate reads DMK. The credits roll.
tags: comedy,  cult,  horror,  violence,  action,  humor, 

title: Fertile Ground
synopsis: Emily (Leisha Hailey) and Nate Weaver (Gale Harold) are a happily married couple living in New York City. Nate is a recognized artist, Emily a fashion designer and the two are expecting their first child. Emily suffers a terrible miscarriage during a dinner party and she is informed that the scarring left on her womb means that she will never be able to conceive again.Starting OverTo give them both a fresh start, Nate and Emily move out into the countryside to Nate's family home which has been uninhabited for some time. Enchanted by it, Emily agrees to move in with Nate to start her life all over again. Emily decides to re-start her fashion design business while Nate, an artist, decides to start painting again.Moving InAs Emily and Nate settle into their new country house, Emily begins seeing things that may or may not be real such as a handprint that appears on a window pane, and keeps reappearing after she cleans it again and again. A few days later, when Emily is horrified when a skeleton is discovered during an inspection of the house plumbing but it is obvious that the body is very old so no danger can be attached to the house. Nate decides to use the large outdoor shed as a studio while Emily takes one of the old bedrooms as her workshop.New LifeAfter Emily discovers an old trunk filled with baby things in the cellar she pays a visit to the local Historical Society and is told that the house has a past she and Nate were unaware of. Several suspicious deaths have occurred at the property and a female relative of Nate's vanished without trace when the house was new. Nate grows distant as he starts painting again and he refuses to let Emily see his new work. Tense and isolated, Emily starts to see visions of a woman covered with blood and faints. After seeing the doctor, who thinks she is suffering from trauma, she gets a phone call to tell her that she is actually pregnant.Old SecretsOrdered to spend the bulk of her pregnancy in bed resting due to the high risk of miscarriage, Emily starts to get bored and frustrated by Nate who is working longer and longer hours and seems uninterested in her or the coming baby. Emily's visions continue and she thinks that she can see the missing aunt of Nate's walking about the property.Strange HappeningsEmily's nightmares and visions become more and more frequent as Nate continues to confine himself to the shed to work on his paintings and Emily becomes more bored and distant. When Nate is around, he is seemingly angry most of the time which concerns Emily. She begins to see Nate as a different person, whom was his great-great gradfather whom lived in the house in the 1870s and was said to have murdered his pregnant wife.The GatheringOrganising a party so she can see her city friends, Emily believes that Nate's female agent is having an affair with her husband. Soon afterwards the agent somehow falls through the window in Emily's studio and is hospitalized. Nate thinks Emily may have pushed her as he saw her in the room after the woman fell and tells Emily's best friend, Brittany, that he is concerned for Emily's health. When the couple receives a call to tell them that the agent has died, Nate storms out.RevelationsLeft alone over the next two days, Emily reads through a folder of press cuttings left by a man from the historical society who has been trying to reach her and discovers that all the women who died at the house were killed by their husbands. She has another vision of the dead woman and believes that Nate is coming back to kill her. She calls Brittany who tells her that she will come and pick her up. Terrified, Emily hides in her bedroom with a knife when she hears Nate come back into the house. She tries to stab him with the knife but instead stabs her friend- who had driven back with Nate. She and Nate then fight resulting in Emily killing Nate.At the hospital, a scan reveals that Emily is not pregnant although she believes that she is.... apparently the phone call from the doctor and the visions of the ghosts were indeed all in her head, a symptom of true psychosis triggered by her previous miscarage. The final shot shows Emily in a padded room at the local insane asylum, rocking her imaginary child in her arms.
tags: insanity,  horror,  murder,  haunting, 

title: Darkness
synopsis: Theres something in this house... Something ancient and dark that remains still, hidden and silent. It can only wait, having been concealed in the shadows for years. In fact, its milieu is darkness. Only in it can it show itself and move. It even takes its name: DARKNESS. Its lived here since someone tried to call it, more than forty years ago. Because this house hides a secret, a terrible past, an inconceivably evil act Seven children, faceless people, a circle that must be completed. And blood, lots of blood But something went wrong. One of the children got away. The circle wasnt completed. Thats why what lives here isnt finished. Its just waiting It tries to carry out what it couldnt before, making plans in the shadows, to become complete, to be, to exist A new family has just moved into the house. A small child. An unstable father capable of losing his temper at any time. A perfect target. The right place at the right time. The pieces only have to be put in place. And then wait...
tags: gothic,  murder,  stupid,  cult,  horror,  good versus evil,  insanity, 

title: Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan
synopsis: Following the events of The New Blood, two graduating high school students are aboard a houseboat on Crystal Lake. Jim tells his girlfriend Suzy the legend of Jason Voorhees, before playing a prank on her with a hockey mask and a prop knife. The boat's anchor damages some underwater cables, which shock Jason's corpse and revive him. He sneaks on board and kills Jim with a harpoon gun before impaling Suzy, who tries to hide from him, with a barb.
The next morning, the SS Lazarus is ready to set sail for New York City with a graduating senior class from Lakeview High School, chaperoned by biology teacher Dr. Charles McCulloch and English teacher Colleen Van Deusen. Van Deusen brings McCulloch's niece Rennie along for the trip despite her aquaphobia much to his chagrin. Jason sneaks on board and kills rock star-wannabe J.J. with her guitar before hiding in the bowels of the ship. That night, after a boxing match, a young boxer who lost to champion Julius Gaw is killed when Jason slams a hot sauna rock into his abdomen while Rennie, searching for her pet Border Collie Toby, discovers prom queen Tamara and Eva doing drugs. McCulloch nearly catches them moments later and Tamara pushes Rennie overboard, suspecting she told on them. She then uses video student Wayne to record McCulloch in a compromising situation with her, but rejects Wayne's advances afterward. Tamara is killed by Jason with a shard of broken mirror when she goes to take a shower.
Rennie begins seeing visions of a young Jason throughout the ship, but the others ignore the deckhand's warnings that Jason is aboard. Jason kills Captain Robertson and his first mate. Rennie's boyfriend, Sean, discovers them and tells the others before calling for an emergency stop. Eva is strangled as she tries to flee from Jason. The students agree to search for Jason while McCulloch decides that the deckhand is responsible; however, the deckhand is found with an fire axe slammed into his back. One of the students, Miles, is tossed to his death by Jason and Julius is knocked overboard. Elsewhere in the hold of the ship, Wayne comes upon J.J.'s body and is thrown into an electrical box by Jason; his corpse catches fire and begins a chain of events that causes the ship to sink. With the other students dead, McCulloch, Van Deusen, Rennie and Sean escape aboard a life raft, and discover Toby and Julius are alive as well.
They row to New York where Jason stalks them through the streets. Rennie is kidnapped by a pair of junkies and the group splits up to find help. Julius tries to fight Jason with his boxing skills, but becomes exhausted after Jason does not go down; he is then decapitated by a single punch from Jason. Rennie escapes from Jason when he kills the punks that kidnapped her. She runs into Sean and they reunite with the teachers and the police before Jason kills the officer who is helping them. Rennie crashes a police car after a vision of Jason distracts her. Van Deusen is incinerated in the car when it explodes, and it is revealed that McCulloch is responsible for Rennie's fear of water, having pushed her into the lake as a child. They leave him behind and Jason kills him by drowning him in a barrel of waste. Jason chases Rennie and Sean into the subway where Sean incapacitates him by knocking him onto the electrical third rail. He is revived again and chases them through Times Square where they try to escape through a diner. They flee into the sewers and encounter a sewer worker. He warns them that the sewers will be flooded with toxic waste at midnight before Jason appears and kills him. Sean gets injured in the process and Rennie draws Jason off, wounding him with a splash of acidic waste that forces him to take off his mask, horrifying Rennie. She and Sean climb the ladder as Jason staggers to get them, but just as he is about to kill them, the sewers flood and engulf him. Rennie sees a final vision of a child-form of Jason as the waste recedes.
The two of them then escape to the street, where they are reunited with Toby who had run away earlier, and walk off into the city.
tags: murder,  violence,  horror,  cult,  revenge,  entertaining, 

title: From Dusk Till Dawn
synopsis: Texas sheriff Edgar McGraw pulls up to an isolated liquor store in Texas called Benny's World of Liquor. Once inside he speaks with the shopkeeper. He then goes to use the restroom. As soon as he is inside the bathroom, The Gecko Brothers, Seth (George Clooney) and Richie (Quentin Tarantino), two desperado-type crimminals appear with two hostages and gun pointed at the shopkeeper apparently in the store the whole time. Seth threatens the shopkeeper and tells him to be cool. The sheriff returns shortly after and goes to pay. While talking to the shopkeeper, Richie kills the sheriff with a point blank shot to the head. Seth and Richie argue because Richie claims the shopkeeper mouthed help us. As the shopkeeper yells to defend himself, Richie shoots him in the shoulder. Seth and Richie argue and Seth decides to leave. As they are leaving the shopkeeper jumps up and shoots Richie in his hand. They all start shooting. The hostages escape and the fight is ended when Seth throws a lit toilet paper roll dosed with light fluid at the shopkeeper who was covered in alcohol killing him. They leave as the liquor store explodes.The brothers then check into a motel with their one remaining hostage and they discuss their plan to flee to Mexico and meet Seth's contact, Carlos (Cheech Marin) for sanctuary.A news story is shown about the Grecko brothers and they atrocities. Seth returns to the motel to discover that Richie had raped and murdered the hostage. Seth scolds the insane Richie, for now they need new hostages to escape into Mexico.The brothers then run into Pastor Jake Fuller (Harvey Keitel), his two kids his teenage daughter Kate (Juliette Lewis) and adopted teenage son Scott (Ernest Liu). They kidnap the family and hijack their R.V. forcing them to drive to Mexico. The group is stopped at the border and the R.V. is searched by a custom's agent (Cheech Marin) but the brothers are hiding in the bathroom with Kate. They eventually make it through and on into Mexico.Soon after they enter Mexico, they arrive at an eccentric bar called The Titty Twister in the middle of a vast desert. Seth gets into a fight with the head bouncer (Cheech Marin) outside the club who refuses to let them in, and they all go inside. Once inside, they have a few drinks and enjoy the girls dancing on the tables. Soon Santanico Pandemonium (Salma Hayek) performs. Towards the end of her act, the bouncer returns and tells the bartender and the other what happened. When they confront the group, the crazy Richie pulls out a gun and one of the bartenders stabs his already shot hand to the table and another gunfight ensues.The brothers come out on top again and Seth goes to look at Richies badly wounded hand as Santanico sees the puddle of blood on the table. She then transforms into a hideous beast-like vampire and attacks Richie, biting him on the neck. Seth shoots Santanico off of Richie, but Richie dies soon after. Not long after the bouncer and the bartenders rise from the dead in the same beast-like vampire state and them and all the dancers... who are also vampires, lock the door and begin brutally feeding on the bar patrons. Seth, the family and a couple of bar patrons fight back manage to kill almost all the vampires.Seth goes to find his brother's body as the remaining bar patrons realizes the vampire band is still there. As the group goes to attack, they disappear. Seth says his final farewells to Richie but before he can finish, Richie turns into a vampire as well and attacks Seth who manages to get away. They share a moment looking at each other and Seth then decides he must kill Richie and he does.Seth begins to drink heavily as the remaining group starts to hear a swarm of bats surrounding the bar. The group then realizes that the killed bar patrons are turning into vampires as well and must fight them off. While staking the remaining vampires, one of the surviving bar patrons named Sex Machine (Tom Savini) bites his arm but hides it from the others.The survivors regroup and plan on what to do next. It is not long before Sex Machine begins to transform. He then sneaks up and attacks the other surviving bar patron, Frost (Fred Williamson) biting him in the neck. Sex Machine then moves onto Jake, biting him in the arm. Frost, still in human form, confronts Sex Machine and they begin to fight ending when Frost throws Sex Machine through a window, opening the way for the swam of vampire bats to come in and Frost also transforms. Seth and the kids then run and hide in a back room of the bar.Jake bandages his arm and makes a cross out of a bat and a shotgun and makes his way back to the remaining group. They then prepare to make a last stand against the remaining vampires. Before they go into battle, Jacob forces his children to swear they will kill him when he turns into a vampire and the reluctantly do.During the battle, Seth confronts Sex Machine for the final time and is almost killed but he is saved at the last minutes but Kate. The vampire Frost then confronts Jake and Jake kills him with his cross shotgun. Right after he kills Frost, he then too turns into a vampire and attacks his son Scott, biting him in the neck. Scott then kills his father with holy water, and is swarmed by vampires who tear him apart. He then begs his sister Kate to kill him and eventually she shoots him which results in small blast killing the vampires around him.Now only Seth and Kate remain to fight off the vampires. They are completely outnumbered and it seems all is lost when rays of sunlight start to come through cracks hurting the vampires. They then hear Carlos banging on the door and eventually he breaks through as Seth and Kate run out. The vampires begin exploding and the bar itself explodes as they are running away.Outside, Seth and Carlos negotiate a deal for the money and Carlos gives Seth a sports car. Seth tells Kate to go home and he drives off, following Carlos to El Rey. Then the camera shot zooms out to reveal that the bar is actually the top portion of a very large ancient Aztec ziggurat.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  psychedelic,  humor,  action,  plot twist,  entertaining, 

title: Evil Dead
synopsis: The film starts with a young woman walking through the woods. She's dripping with blood. A figure stalks her and eventually jumps her, throwing a bag over her head and having his redneck buddy whack her with the butt of his axe. The woman wakes up in a cellar in the presence of a woman who speaks only Welsh, and she's surrounded by what appear to be burn victims. The young woman's father appears before her. She asks for her mother, and the father tells her that she killed her mother. The old woman hurries the father to kill his daughter, and so he douses her with gas as she pleads with him. Before he can strike a match, the young woman tells him she will eat his soul. Her eyes turn yellow, and as the father drops the match, she appears demonic and starts thrashing. The father raises a shotgun, tells her he loves her, and then blasts her head clean off her shoulders.Some time later, a car is driving to a quiet part of the woods where a cabin is. We meet David (Shiloh Fernandez), his girlfriend Natalie (Elizabeth Blackmore), and their friends Olivia (Jessica Lucas), who is a nurse, and Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci). Olivia tells David his sister Mia (Jane Levy) is waiting for him in the back.David finds Mia, sitting on an old broken down 1973 Olds Delta 88, smoking a cigarette while drawing. He tells her she looks beautiful, but she thinks he's being a liar.The group enters the cabin, where Mia complains about a smell. We learn here that Mia fondly remembers her mother, but David doesn't want her to. It also appears that their mother was emotionally abusive toward Mia.Everyone gathers around a well. Mia, being a recovering drug addict, pulls out a bag of powdered drugs and pours it down the well, vowing to be done with it for good and going cold turkey.Olivia tells David that this isn't the first time they've tried to get Mia off drugs. Eric tells him that she lasted eight hours before relapsing and overdosing, in which she legally died but was revived.That evening, Mia starts screaming as she is apparently suffering from withdrawals. Olivia gives her a sedative but Mia continues complaining about a rotten smell that nobody else seems to notice. Their dog, Grandpa, sniffs around the floor where they find a door leading to a cellar under a rug. The floor is smeared with blood. David and Eric go into the cellar and discover the stench is coming from the rotting corpses of animals. They also find the evil book from before, wrapped in wires and plastic.The next day, Mia is wandering outside in the rain. Eric opens the cover of the book, which is scribbled all over with warnings like Leave this book alone and Do not fucking read this. Naturally, Eric looks through it and finds a page with some words scribbled out and the warning to not speak, write, or hear what is in it. He puts a piece of paper over the book and shades over it with a pencil, revealing several words that he begins to read. Outside, Mia starts being sick andd hears a faint voice calling her, and then sees a figure staring at her. She comes into the cabin and starts grabbing her things, saying she can't be there anymore. She jumps out the window and steals Eric's car, but as she drives through the woods, she sees the figure again and drives the car into a swamp.When she comes to, Mia tries to get out, but the figure rises from the swamp, and she runs away, tumbling into a thorn bush. The branches and sticks wrap themselves around her arms and legs, and the figure, which is a bloodied and horrifying version of herself, regurgitates a black wormy thing with thorns that makes its way up Mia's leg and goes right inside her. David and Olivia hear her screaming and find her.The group suspects she was trying to harm herself. David goes into her room, and she tells him that there is something in the room with them.He goes outside and sees blood on the ground. He calls for Grandpa and finds him in a hole beneath the tool shed. Grandpa is whimpering. David runs into the tool shed and pulls him out of the hole, but he's dead. David suspects Mia bludgeoned him to death with a hammer that was lying nearby.He runs back into the cabin and tries to get to Mia, but she's taking a shower. She turns the water up to the point where it becomes scalding hot and her flesh starts burning. The group pulls her out in time. Eric looks at an open page in the book and notices a picture of a being with burning flesh.David takes Mia in his Jeep and drives her to a hospital as she's foaming at the mouth. Unfortunately, the roads are flooded, and he has to turn back.Olivia gives Mia another sedative. While the group argues about her, she comes into the living room dragging a rifle. She holds it up, and fires near David, and the door swings open as Mia lets out a frightening scream. She says in a possessed voice You are all going to die tonight. Olivia tries to get the rifle away from her, but Mia tackles her as her eyes turn yellow and she spits blood all over her. Olivia kicks her into the cellar, and Eric closes it. He suspects this has to do with the stuff they found down in the cellar.Olivia tries to clean the blood and throw up off herself, but she sees an image of herself mutilated in the mirror, which shatters. She walks away but then freezes, and her eyes twitch as she wets herself. Next to her is the book, open to a page with a person holding a knife and their severed face flesh.Eric goes into the bathroom to find Olivia, who is cutting the flesh from her cheek with the broken glass. Horrified, he stumbles backward and slips on the cheek flesh. Olivia stabs him with the broken glass and then in the face with the needle. Eric throws her off and breaks off a piece of the toilet, which he uses to bludgeon her to death, just as David and Natalie come in.David tries to patch up Eric's wounds. He tells Natalie to bring a jug of water and sugar. Eric tells her to stay away from Mia. He tells David that it's his fault this is happening because he read from the book.Natalie goes to the living room and finds that the cellar door is open. Mia is still down there, crying and asking for help. As Natalie tries to go down and get her, Mia's voice becomes low and demonic and threatening, saying He won't stop until he has all of you! Natalie tries to run but Mia grabs her and bites into her hand. She tries to defend herself with a box cutter but Mia takes it from her and slices her tongue down the middle. She grabs Natalie and kisses her, forcing blood into her mouth. David finds them and pulls Natalie out. They nail the cellar door shut, locking Mia down there.David finds Eric trying to burn the book, but it doesn't work. He tells David about what he knows from the book - an evil entity has been unleashed, and it's attached to Mia's soul. It seeks a collection of souls to unleash something called the Abomination.Meanwhile, Natalie tends to the bite wound on her hand. It starts to burn into her arm and she notices an electric knife and reaches for it. Mia peeks from the cellar and tells her not to cut it off, but Natalie slices into her arm. David and Eric find her as her arm falls off.Eric tells David there are three ways to put an end to this - bury Mia alive, dismember her, or burn her alive. David refuses to do any of that, and Eric calls him a coward. Suddenly, a noise is heard, and Natalie comes in, now possessed, with nails in her head. She's holding a nail gun and shoots at Eric, who gets a few nails in him. David tries to get the rifle, but Natalie starts hitting him with a crowbar. Eric shoots her with the nail gun, and she goes to start bludgeoning him with the crowbar. Before she can deliver the fatal blow, David blows her hand off with the rifle. Natalie appears to revert back to normal, complaining about the pain before she dies.David finally decides to burn the cabin with Mia still inside. He pours gasoline on the floor, but before he can drop the lighter, Mia, in her normal voice, starts singing a lullaby that their mother used to sing, and David cannot do it. Outside, a bolt of lightning strikes a tree, setting it on fire. He hatches another plan. He grabs two syringes, among other things, and starts to dig up a hole outside.He heads into the cellar. He finds Mia, who slashes at him with the box cutter and throws him around. She tries to drown him, but Eric steps in and hits Mia. He's also been stuck with the box cutter in his stomach. David goes to him, and Eric finally dies.David takes Mia outside with a bag over her head and starts to bury her. She talks to him in her normal voice and pleads with him, but he won't buy it. She starts telling him about their mother and more of her abusiveness. Their mother kept asking for David, who was never there, and how Mia would have to keep telling her he's coming back. He completely buries her, and then waits a while as the rain stops and the fire on the tree goes out. David digs Mia back up and pulls her out. He grabs a car battery with the syringes attached to it and sticks them in Mia's chest, trying to revive her. She doesn't come back. He covers her body and walks away tearfully. However, Mia rises and talks to David. She is completely back to normal, and they hug.The two go back into the cabin to get the keys to David's Jeep, but a possessed Eric is behind him and he stabs David in the neck. David goes into the hallway and gets Mia outside and locks her out. He grabs the rifle and shoots at the gasoline container, letting it consume the cabin in flames and killing himself and Eric for good.Outside, it starts raining blood. A hand bursts from the ground and grabs at Mia. It's the Abomination. It chases after Mia, who grabs a chainsaw from the tool shed and tries to run. She hides under the Jeep and manages to slice off the Abomination's legs, crippling it. As she tries to run, though, the Abomination tips the Jeep over and it falls on Mia's arm. She pulls herself free, severing her arm. The Abomination inches toward Mia, but she sticks her arm into the handle of the chainsaw and kills the Abomination. Its corpse sinks back into the ground.The bloody rain stops, and the sun comes out. Mia walks away, now free from the curse, but alone. Meanwhile, the book lies outside the burning cabin, closing itself and waiting for its next victims.Ash (Bruce Campbell) appears after the credits to say Groovy and dramatically turn to the audience.
tags: paranormal,  violence,  horror,  entertaining,  flashback, 

title: Non ho sonno
synopsis: In Turin, Italy, 1983, Detective Ulysses Moretti investigates a murder scene and tells a young boy named Giacomo that he will find his mother's killer, even if it takes the rest of his life.Seventeen years later.Angela, a Rome prostitute, refuses to let a man do disgusting things to her and he gives her money and tells her to leave. After cleaning up in the bathroom, Angela hears the unseen man mumble in his sleep about killing lots of people. In a panic, Angela runs, knocks over a table (that has several knifes on it), gathers her things and leaves. On a train heading back to Turin, she realizes that she inadvertently picked up a blue-colored file which is full of articles, photos of dead people, and a copy of 'The Death Farm' poem by John McKenzie. After recalling a past murder case which involved the dwarf killer Angela calls her friend Amanda on her cell phone and tells her about the file and says to meet her at the train station. But a minute later, the killer calls Angela, calling her a thief and threatening to killer her for he is on the train. Angela runs down the train corridor until she finds a conductor and asks him to stay with her until reaching her destination. She returns to the cabin to get her things, hears a noise, and runs. She runs into the conductor who is knocked out cold. She tries to hide in another vacant cabin, but the unseen killer catches her, and stabs her to death.At the train station, Amanda arrives and looks around the train and finds the blue file. She goes back to her car in the parking lot, but the killer is there waiting for her, and stabs her in the neck, killing her. Beppe, the car lot attendant, finds a gold pen on the ground as he sees the killer get out of the car with his blue file. A little later, Inspector Manni and other cops arrive on the scene where they investigate both killings, and the conductor tells Manni about Angela mentioning the killer dwarf. The next morning, Manni goes to visit Moretti, who was in charge of the case back in 1983, and he talks about loose ends of the dwarf suspect being found shot in the head from a suspected suicide before he could be apprehended for the killings. Moretti, already in his 70s and long retired from the police force, tells Manni that his memory is not what it used to be.Across town, Mel, a young woman who dances in a skin-tight kitty costume at a local nightclub, prepares to leave when she goes to her dressing room when the lights go out. She hears the sounds of a cat howling and is scared by Marco, a bouncer who tells her that there is a short circuit in the fuse box. After he leaves, Mel goes up a dark staircase to the exit where at the top she sees a figure wearing a yellow jacket. She thinks it's Marco until the figure turns around, wearing a hood. The killer grabs her, but Mel puts up a fight, scratching the killer's neck, but gets punched out cold. The killer drags her to a tub of water in the maintenance room, where he drowns her, and then cuts off her fingernails as not to leave skin DNA evidence behind. Manni and the police arrive on the scene later and discover a cutout of a cat near Mel's dead body. Manni informs Moretti of this latest murder, and the elderly detective tells Manni that the killer used to leave cutouts of animals in the dwarf killer case 17 years earlier.Meanwhile in Rome, the young boy Giacomo, whom Moretti vowed to help find his mother's killer, is working as a busboy in a local Chinese restaurant when he gets a phone call from Lorenzo, an old childhood friend whom he hasn't seen in 10 years, who urges him to come back to Turin to help out with family problems of his. Giacomo arrives and Lorenzo lets him stay at his family house. Giacomo then goes to the police station where Moretti is there and hears him talking to Manni and remembers when Giacomo says his mothers name: Maria Gallo. Reunited, Giacomo and Moretti talk about what transpired during the 17 years when they first met, and they go to the scene of Maria's murder. Giacomo tells Moretti that he could not see the killers face, but he remembers a whistling or hissing sound afterwards.That evening, Giacomo eats dinner with Lorenzo's family where his father, Mr. Betti cannot find his gold pen. Later, Lorenzo talks to Giacomo about his stern father wanting him to be an athlete and sent him abroad to various schools, while Giacomo talks about fighting his abusive father. Giacomo goes to see his old school friend Gloria play a harp for a opera house crowd. Afterwords, he, Glroia, Lorenzo and his girlfriend, and Fausto, Gloria's boyfriend, go out to a local nightclub to party. Fausto talks about the latest killings and think that the dwarf killer, Vincenzo de Fabritiis (aka: John McKenzie) and says that he does not think that the man is dead. The next day, Giacomo and Moretti go to the Villa de Fabrittis and Giacomo thinks he sees Vincenzo in the window. They meet a derelict, named Leone, who recites a familiar verse of the poem to Moretti, but says that he cannot remember any more.Meanwhile, Beppe meets with the unseen killer about offering to give his gold pen back, and wants blackmail money to keep his mouth shut. The killer gives Beppe a wad of cash, and Beppe gives the killer back his pen. But then the killer writes something on Beppe's hand and suddenly shoves the pen into Beppe's head many times. Giacomo and Moretti arrive on the scene a few minutes later and notice the words I am a bad boy written on Beppes hand. They call the police, where Manni is upset that the two of them are trying to investigate the murders on their own and tells them to back off and let the police do their own work.Giacomo and Lorenzo meets their friends at a bar. When they sit back down at their table, Lorenzo accidentally drinks from Giacomo's glass of beer, notes a funny taste and collapses. In the hospital, Giacomo says that the poison was meant for him, and Lorenzo's father, Mr. Betti, arrives and tells Giacomo to stay away from his son. Giacomo leaves, and Gloria runs off after him. Moretti, up late at night because of his insomnia, recalls another verse of the rhyme and believes that the killer is murdering to the nursery rhyme.The following day, Dora, a waitress in a local fast-food restaurant whom her friends call her little rabbit because of her large front teeth, is working when the unseen killer sees her. That evening, Dora leaves work, gets on a train and walks outside to her apartment building. She just lets herself in the door when the killer runs up and attacks her. Dora puts up a fight by biting the killer's arm with her large front bunny teeth. But she gets overpowered and the killer slams her face into a wall, knocking out her front bunny teeth. The killer leaves a cutout of a rabbit by her dead body.Moretti tells Giacomo of a manuscript Vincenzo had said was stolen, believing the killer was using it to kill. At the house, they meet Vincenzo's elderly mother, Laura and they ask her about his books. Gloria calls Giacomo and tells him about Swan Lake which he is about to perform that night. Moretti finds a childrens book, 'Animal Farm', with pages missing., and he thinks that Vincenzo had hidden the pages of the original text from the killer. He looks at an old copy of George Orwell's book, 'Animal Farm', and finds the missing pages, which contain the nursery rhyme. The last verse, following the death of a cat, and a rabbit, mentions killing a swan. Giacomo quickly drives to the Swan Lake performance and runs backstage, and finds Gloria alive and well. But a minute later, they find Mara, the ballet dancer who danced to Gloria's harp music, dead and beheaded in her dressing room.At the local cemetery, Vincenzo's coffin is exhumed, but the corpse is gone. Laura goes to see Moretti at his house and says that she does not want the rumors to start again. She says that she knows her son is dead because, not wanting him to go to prison for murders that he did not commit, shot and killed him herself and made it look like a suicide. Moretti tells her that the gun used was never found, and Laura tells him that she has it. Laura goes back to the estate to retrieve the pistol from a hidden place. She sees a short figure approaching her in the dark, backs up, and falls off a railing to her death.That evening, Moretti phones Giacomo and leaves a message on Gloria's answering machine. Just then, the phone lines goes dead, then the light go off. Moretti sees a tiny person walking out of the darkness. Moretti takes out a pistol from his desk drawer and fires repeatedly, but the figure keeps on approaching. Suddenly, Moretti grabs his chest, and falls to the floor dead. The next morning, after spending a passionate night with Gloria, Giacomo finally hears the message on Gloria's machine where Moretti talks about the murders being in a small neighborhood in 1983, and they are now happening all over the city in 2000, plus Moretti mentions a discrepancy in his mothers killing and the handwriting on Beppes hand. Manni then calls and tells Giacomo that Moretti had died from a heart attack.Giacomo and Gloria get into her car and give the bum, Leone, a lift. He is dropped off and Giacomo gets out to give him a bottle of wine he left in the back seat. At the shed of the Vincenzo estate, he sees Leone with a puppet dwarf and he runs back to the car to tell Gloria. Giacomo and Gloria follow Leone to an apartment building, and Gloria goes to her car to call the police while Giacomo climbs a fence and walks inside. Upstairs, he finds Leone dead from a shot to the head and Mr. Betti appears in the room and shoots Giacomo in his shoulder. Lorenzo and Gloria rush in and pound and yell at the front door, and Mr. Betti suddenly shoots himself. Lorenzo and Gloria run in and Lorenzo is clearly distraught to see his father dead, in which he begins hyperventilating and uses his asthma inhaler.When Lorenzo walks out of the room to call the police, Giacomo tells Gloria what Moretti had learned. The killings in 1983 were in a small area because the killer was a child back then, and now in 2000, they are all over the city because the killer, now an adult, can go anywhere he wants. Additionally, a child would take the rhyme literally, not realizing instrument referred to a weapon. Just then Lorenzo returns to the room and, in a sneering, wild-eye tone, congratulates Giacomo of figuring it all out. Giacomo takes Lorenzo's inhaler away from him and says that was the hissing sound he heard, and knows that Mr. Betti knew about his sons killings and sent him away to prevent him from killing again. Lorenzo says that he was doing fine on his own and called Giacomo back to Turin because he wanted to play a game between the two of them so Lorenzo could get caught, and he even deliberately took a sip from Giacomo's poisoned beer that night to divert any suspicion away from him. Leone was Lorenzo's co-conspirator who used the dwarf puppet to make it look that a dwarf was doing all the killings of the present. Lorenzo suddenly grabs a knife and holds it against Gloria's throat, threatening to kill her of Giacomo approaches him any further. Giacomo asks Lorenzo why he did not kill anyone for this long and why did he start again after 17 years. Lorenzo replies: who said I stopped? He tells of other places in Switzerland, Paris, Germany, England, Spain and the USA where there have been dozens of unsolved killings over the past 17 years and replies they know the nursery rhyme there too! Backing up towards a window, Lorenzo threatens to make Giacomo watch, when Manni and the police arrive and seeing Lorenzo in the window, open fire several times, literally blowing Lorenzo's face off. Giacomo and Gloria embrace as the cops run inside the apartment and huddle them out to safety.
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Rivelazioni di un maniaco sessuale al capo della squadra mobile
synopsis: In a prosperous small provincial town in Southern Italy, a naked woman is discovered murdered and mutilated. By her body are a number of photographs of her having sex with her lover, his face having been cut out. At the morgue, the chief pathologist suggests to the detective in charge of the case, Inspector Capuano, that the victim was killed almost instantly by a from an open blade razor to the neck, the subsequent blows being the result of a homicidal fury. A fellow police officer is of the opinion that, due to the circumstances surrounding the murder, especially the presence of the photographs, they are dealing with a maniac. Capuano considers having the pictures of the lover blown up so that all his physical details can be logged, but rejects the idea as impractical, not least because the victims husband is a general with very powerful political connections, meaning that any investigation must be handled very delicately. It is decided in the meantime to arrest members of the local criminal fraternity and determine any links, no matter how tenuous, with the case. Despite intensive questioning of suspects, no new information is yielded and so Capuano returns home to his wife. She is worried about the effect his latest investigation is having on him, while he complains about the wall of silence surrounding the case, meaning that he cannot perform his duties properly. He also believes that the killer is very likely to strike again. Out in the countryside, a woman cavorting with her lover is covertly photographed by a figure whose features are obscured by gloves, a hat and heavy overcoat. Later, at a secret hideaway, the couple finish having sex. The lover bemoans having to leave, but is reminded that the woman must also leave so that she can host a bridge game organised by her husband. Shortly after he leaves, and she begins to dress, the villa is plunged into darkness and an attack is launched by the figure seen photographing the couple earlier. The woman manages to escape her assailant and makes it onto a nearby beach, before succumbing and being hacked to death by a razor. The killer scatters photographs over her body. The next morning her boyfriend is reassured by his lawyer that he has nothing to fear from the resulting police investigation, since his face had been removed from the photos. He is advised that because of the victims powerful husband, the police will not pursue the case too forcefully and that he should continue with his life as normal. Detective Capulano and the pathologist discuss the connection between the two murders and mull over possible motives for the crimes, including jealousy and psychosis brought about by impotence or homosexual rage. The detective hears strange laughter coming from the morgue and is taken inside by the pathologist. There they encounter, Gastoni, the morgue assistant who takes a strong pride in his work as an embalmer and whose laughter is the result of perfectly restoring a corpses former beauty. As they leave, the assistant is heard muttering something about forgiveness for sins. The next day, the police mount a surveillance operation on the latest victims funeral, filming those present. Nothing untoward is found. The following day, in a beauty salon, some of the well-to-do women of the town discuss recent events, and are concerned as to who could be the next victim. At a meeting with the Police Commissioner, Capuano admits that he has hit a dead end with the investigation, since the only suspects that he has are considered untouchable because of their social standing and political connections. He decides to continue the case nevertheless, convinced that the killer will strike again and possibly make a mistake. He is warned to tread carefully by his superior. Meanwhile, in a wooded area, two lovers are photographed as they make love in a car
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  suspenseful, 

title: Ringu 2
synopsis: In the opening scene, set immediately after the events of the first Ringu (Ring) film, while inspecting the corpse of Sadako Yamamura, the forensic experts note evidence that Sadako has died only a year or two ago, meaning that she was still alive in the sealed well for almost 30 years. They later reconstruct her body and send it to Takaishi Yamamura (Yoichi Numata), Sadako's uncle, who takes it on his boat and later casts it into the bottom of the ocean.Mai Takano (Miki Nakatani), Ryuji Takayama's assistant, continues to search for answers in regards to his sudden death. While searching for Ryuji's ex-wife Reiko Asakawa (Nanako Matsushima), she meets a reporter named Okazaki (Yrei Yanagi) who is investigating the cursed tape in Reiko's stead. Okazaki, still searching for a person who has actually seen the tape with their own eyes, tracks down and interviews a girl named Kanae Sawaguchi (Kyoko Fukada). Although she has not yet seen the tape, she agrees to sell him a copy for ¥20,000. Upon giving the tape to Okazaki, Kanae admits that she watched the tape and begs him to watch it to spare her life. However, Okazaki is too afraid to watch it.Okazaki and Mai visit a mental hospital to see Masami Kurahashi (Hitomi Sato), a friend of Tomoko Oishi's who saw her killed. Masami is now mute and refuses to leave her room, afraid of the TV in the lounge area. While there, they meet a university classmate of Takayama's, Dr. Kawajiri (Fumiyo Kohinato), who is a prominent paranormal researcher and recognises that Sadako Yamamura's lingering hatred resides within the tape and can be transferred to people such as Masami. Determined to remove Sadako's spirit from Masami, who has become imbued with psychic powers and can project the tape's images onto nearby TV sets, Dr. Kawajiri arranges a risky experiment based on his theories involving energy transfer. The experiment requires Masami to attempt to drain Sadako's energy out of her by projecting the images onto a blank tape. Mai warns Masami not to participate, but the experiment goes ahead. Images begin to appear on the TV when there is a massive energy surge and Masami collapses in her chair. Mai takes the opportunity to grab the tape and destroy it.Mai finally meets up with Reiko Asakawa and her son Yoichi (Rikiya Otaka), both of whom have been in hiding out of fear from the authorities. Yoichi, having watched the tape, begins exhibiting psychic abilities and has become mute. Meanwhile, Kanae Sawaguchi's body is discovered. While trying to erase the footage of Kanae's interview, Okazaki finds that the tape won't erase, and the tape sticks. Kanae's face appears on the screen and slowly turning into a ghostly hair-covered face like Sadako's. The grinning Kanae comes closer to the screen and Okazaki screams.Previously complicit in hiding the Asakawas, after seeing Kanae's body Mai informs the authorities, who close in on Reiko and Yoichi. At the police station, Mai utilizes her limited psychic abilities to tell Yoichi to flee. Yoichi regains his voice and alerts Reiko. They escape, but Reiko experiences a vision in which her late father appears. He tells her that the child you carry with you isn't Yoichi anymore. Reiko is killed by a truck while experiencing the vision. The police arrive and Yoichi focuses his killing intent on one of the detectives for a moment, before Mai interrupts and whisks Yoichi away.The next morning, Mai and Yoichi head for Izu, hoping for answers from Takaishi Yamamura. Dr. Kawajiri, who also experiments with spirit photography (nensha), arrives with equipment and is looking for Mai. Takaishi takes Mai to the River of Offering, and upon returning to the inn she and the doctor see a vision of Shizuko in a scene from the video tape, caused by Yoichi.The next day, Dr. Kawajiri sets his equipment up next to a pool of fresh water which serves to sap Sadako's energies from Yoichi with Mai as a channeler. The process suddenly becomes chaotic when Yoichi's powers awaken. Takaishi, seeing Sadako's coffin in the pool, swims out towards it and is killed while yelling Take me! End this with me! The doctor commits suicide by electrocution under Sadako's influence, which also kills the nurse trying to stop him. Mai runs to Yoichi before blacking out.Waking up, Mai and Yoichi find themselves in the well before both of them fall in. Ryuji appears, telling Yoichi and Mai to give him their fear in order to escape. Ryuji's grip leaves nensha marks on Yoichi's hand. The well's lid opens and the end of a rope is dropped into its depths. Mai climbs the well with Yoichi on her back when Sadako appears, wearing her reconstructed face like a mask, and climbs the wall, easily catching up to them. She asks them, Why is it only you were saved?. Sadako then falls back into the well as Mai and Yoichi escape. Mai and Yoichi emerge from the well, only to find themselves in the pool used in the experiment. The bodies of Takaishi, the doctor, and the nurse float around the two as they reach the catwalk.In the hospital, a nurse comes into a holding room to take Okazaki's picture before leaving. As the photo develops, her eyes widen in shock before looking back at the room. Behind Okazaki is the laughing ghost of Kanae Sawaguchi.
tags: paranormal,  horror,  revenge,  good versus evil,  flashback, 

title: AVP: Alien vs. Predator
synopsis: In 2004, a satellite detects a mysterious heat bloom beneath Bouvetøya, an island about one thousand miles off the coast of Antarctica. Wealthy industrialist Charles Bishop Weyland (Lance Henriksen) discovers through thermal imaging that there is a pyramid buried 2000 feet beneath the ice. He attempts to claim it for his multinational communications company, Weyland Industries, a subsidiary of the Weyland Corporation, and assembles a team of experts to investigate. The team includes archaeologists, linguistic experts, drillers, mercenaries, and a guide named Alexa Woods (Sanaa Lathan).
As a Predator ship reaches Earth's orbit, it fires a beam that creates a passage through the ice towards the source of the heat bloom. When the team arrives at the abandoned whaling station above the heat source, they find the passage and descend beneath the ice. They locate the mysterious pyramid and begin to explore it, finding evidence of a prehistoric civilization and what appears to be a sacrificial chamber filled with human skeletons with ruptured rib cages.
Meanwhile, three Predators consisting of Scar, Celtic and Chopper arrive and kill all the humans on the surface. They make their way down to the pyramid and arrive just as the team unwittingly activates the structure. The Alien Queen awakes from cryogenic stasis and begins to produce eggs. When the eggs hatch, several facehuggers attach themselves to humans trapped in the sacrificial chamber. Chestbursters emerge from the humans and quickly grow into adult Aliens. Conflict erupts between the Predators, Aliens, and humans, resulting in several deaths. Celtic and Chopper are killed by an Alien, and Weyland is killed by Scar, while allowing Alexa and archaeologist Sebastian De Rosa (Raoul Bova) enough time to escape. The two witness Scar kill a facehugger and an Alien with a shuriken before unmasking and marking himself with the blood of the facehugger. After Alexa and Sebastian leave, another facehugger attaches itself to Scar due to him not wearing his mask.
Through translation of the pyramid's hieroglyphs, Alexa and Sebastian learn that the Predators have been visiting Earth for thousands of years. It was they who taught early human civilizations how to build pyramids, and were worshiped as gods. Every 100 years they would visit Earth to take part in a rite of passage in which several humans would sacrifice themselves as hosts for the Aliens, creating the ultimate prey for the Predators to hunt they must also survive in the pyramid without being killed; if overwhelmed, the Predators would activate a self-destruct device to eliminate the Aliens and themselves. The two deduce that this is why the current Predators are at the pyramid, and that the heat bloom was to attract humans for the sole purpose of making new Aliens to hunt.
Alexa and Sebastian decide that the Predators must be allowed to succeed in their hunt so that the Aliens do not reach the surface. Then Sebastian is captured by an Alien, leaving only Alexa and Scar to fight against the Aliens. The two form an alliance and use a self-destruct device to destroy the pyramid and the remaining Aliens. Alexa and Scar reach the surface, where they battle the Alien Queen. They defeat the Queen by attaching its chain to a water tower and pushing her over a cliff, dragging the Queen to the ocean floor. Scar, however, is impaled through the torso by the Alien Queen's tail and succumbs to his wounds and dies.
A Predator ship uncloaks and several Predators appear. They retrieve their fallen comrade and an elite Predator presents Alexa with one of their spear weapons in recognition of her skill as a warrior as evidenced by the symbol Scar burned on her cheek with alien blood before he died. As the Predators retreat into space, a chestburster with a hybrid form of an Alien and a Predator erupts from Scar's chest.
tags: tragedy,  horror,  action,  flashback, 

title: Rosemary's Baby
synopsis: New York City, fall of 1965: Rosemary and Guy Woodhouse (Mia Farrow and John Cassavetes) are a young married couple who rent an apartment in the gothic and splendorous Bramford building in Manhattan. At first, their friend and current landlord Edward Hutch Hutchins (Maurice Evans) tries to dissuade them from doing so: the building has a rather unsavory past. It has been occupied by cannibal killers, Satanists and witches, such as the Trench Sisters, Keith Kennedy, Pearl Ames--and the sinister Adrian Marcato, who created a scandal in the late 1890s by claiming to have conjured The Living Devil.Rosemary and Guy ignore him and move in. Guy is an actor with a fledging career. He's done plenty of TV plays and commercials, which have made him good money; but he wants great parts. Rosemary is a gentle soul, originally from Omaha, Nebraska, where she had been raised in a Catholic home and had attended convent school.As it is, Rosemary is estranged from her family, since they don't accept her marriage to Guy, who is not only an actor, but is also of mixed Jewish/Protestant upbringing. So her life in New York is all she has: she is a young housewife dedicated entirely to making a good home for her husband, whom she adores. She has a good circle of friends, but is at core sweetly naïve and lonely.One day in the laundry room, Rosemary makes the acquaintance of Terry Gionnoffrio (Victoria Vetri), a young former drug addict who was rescued from the gutter by an elderly, eccentric couple, Roman and Minnie Castevet (Sidney Blackmer and Ruth Gordon). The Castavets's apartment had formerly been the front part of theirs, but is now separated by a partition.Her friendship with Terry is short-lived. A few days after Rosemary meets her, Terry plunges to her death from the bay window. She and Guy are walking home when they see the police surrounding Terry's corpse. The Castavets happen to be walking home, too. Presumably distraught, they strike up an acquaintance with the Woodhouses and later invite them to dinner. Rosemary becomes suspicious about their new elderly friends, particularly the way that Roman insists on speaking with Guy in private. Other things trouble her, too, such as when Guy's career gets a jump start when his main rival, Donald Baumgart, suddenly goes blind. Now all he cares about is his new play.But then suddenly, he decides he wants to become a father. Rosemary is thrilled.Evidently having studied her ovulation cycle himself, he announces the ideal baby night. That evening, Minnie drops by to give them some chocolate mousse--or mouse as she calls it. Rosemary complains of a chalky undertaste, but Guy gets angry over her ingratitude. She eats part of it, and then furtively hides the rest in her napkin.Suddenly feeling disoriented after dinner, she passes out and has a bizarre dream. Rosemary is floating on a mattress in the sea, visits a cruise ship with the Kennedy's, has her wedding band removed, is carried through the Sistine Chapel, a brief shot of the linen closet with guy saying easy, you got her too high then she's back on the cruise ship naked and told by the skipper go below the deck and passes by a burning church and lays down on a mattress. The unsettling dream becomes a nightmare when she finds herself surrounded by naked elderly people, a statue figure of a bearded man staring down at her, and two men tie her to a bed. Then Jackie Kennedy soothes her for not feeling well. Guy approaches her bed, but then something that looks and feels inhuman brutally rapes her. This is no dream! she cries. This is really happening! Pope Paul VI, then visiting NYC and having mass at Yankee Stadium, comes to offer her absolution.When she wakes up, Rosemary is sore and scratched. Guy half-heartedly apologizes for having had her while she was out. Rosemary is angry, but baby night later proves successful. Dr. C.C. Hill (Charles Grodin)--referred to her by her girlfriend Elise Dunstan (Emmaline Henry)--confirms it.Upon hearing the news, the Castevets persuade Rosemary to go to Dr. Abraham Sapirstein (Ralph Bellamy), a prominent obstetrician who delivers all the upper crust babies in the city. Rosemary entrusts herself to him, accepting his odd advice and his recommendation of Minnie's strange vitamin drinks. She develops pain during her first trimester, which causes her to lose weight and look emaciated, alarming Hutch--but not the doctor, Guy, the Castevets or their Saturday night gang of quaint old timers, including Dr. Stan Shand (Phil Leeds) and the obnoxious Laura-Louise McBurney (Patsy Kelly).As her pregnancy progresses, Rosemary feels a mounting sense of dread and angst. What is wrong with her? Why won't anyone acknowledge it? She decides to throw a party for her young friends, a qualification she insists upon. Her girlfriends--including Elise, Joan Jellico (Marianne Gordon) and Tiger Hoanigsen (Wende Wagner)--tell her she looks awful and that her pain is far from normal. She has to see a new doctor. Rosemary tells Guy, and they fight bitterly over it. But at the last minute she relents. The pain has suddenly stopped. And now she can feel the baby kicking.Rosemary's friend Hutch drops by for a visit; Roman and Minnie spot him, and suddenly Guy arrives home unexpectedly, as if they'd phoned him and urged him to rush back to the apartment. Hutch asks a lot of questions of Roman and Guy, and before he leaves the apartment, he realizes he's misplaced one of his gloves. Later, Hutch falls into a mysterious coma and dies. Rosemary receives a book from Hutch's companion, Grace Cardiff (Hanna Landy), which Hutch had intended to give to Rosemary personally. It's called All of Them Witches, a study on witchcraft through the ages, featuring a chapter on Adrian Marcato (his appearance is familiar from the dream) and his son, Steven. The name is an anagram, is the final clue Hutch had left for her. Rosemary uses her Scrabble tiles to learn the horrible truth: Roman Castevet is Steven Marcato.Now she suspects Roman, Minnie and all their all-too-helpful friends are Satan worshipers. She visits Dr. Sapirstein and tells him she'll have no more to do with them. It's just as well, Sapirstein informs her: Roman is dying and would like to go away to Europe on a farewell tour. Rosie feels guilty about her suspicions, and when the time comes, bids them a fond farewell.But not all is what it seems. As her due date--June 28, 1966--nears, she learns one strange thing after the other. Could it be that Guy is involved with witches? Witches use babies for their rituals. Has he promised them the baby? She also learns that witches use the belongings of their intended victims to blind or kill them. On a hunch, she contacts Guy's former rival, Donald Baumgart, and gets him to reveal that Guy swapped ties with him just before he went blind.Distraught, Rosemary packs a suitcase and goes to Dr. Sapirstein to tell him what she's learned. But his secretary's off-hand remark reveals something horrible--the good doctor sometimes smells like tannis root, which she has learned is more commonly called Devil's Pepper. Dr. Sapirstein is a witch, too. He must be part of the plot against her. Next, Rosemary persuades Dr. Hill to see her. When she reveals her suspicions to him, he seems to take her seriously, and he gives her a sedative to help her sleep, but she is horrified when she awakens and find that Guy and Dr. Sapirstein have arrived to take her back home. She manages lock them out of the apartment, but before she can call for help, Guy and the others appear in the apartment, having entered by some other means. Rosemary tries to fight them off and she goes into labor. They have to force her down on her bed, while Sapirstein injects her with something to make her sleep.When she wakes, Guy tells her she has had a boy and that he's fine. But later, Sapirstein tells her that the baby is dead. The coven members sit with Rosemary, collecting her breast milk, and she thinks she can hear a baby crying through the walls of the apartment. She knows they have taken the baby, and she thinks they are planning to sacrifice it for one of their rituals.After a few days of pretending to cooperate and take her sedatives, Rosemary arms herself with a sharp butcher knife and finds the partition between her apartment and the apartment of the Castavets. Removing the closet interior, she finds the hidden doorway to the other apartment and goes inside. She looks at an oil painting of a burning church whispering you got her too high, apparently having a flashback of the dream. She discovers the entire coven sitting in the living room around a bassinet, including Minnie and Roman. A photo of Adrian Marcato is up above the mantle. There are others there, too, that Rosemary does not recognize, people that seem to have come from as far away as Japan. She approaches the bassinet and sees the baby for the first time, horrified that the baby has strange eyes. He has his father's eyes, Roman tells her, and the coven tells her that Satan is the baby's father, not Guy. Guy tells her that he made an agreement with the coven to allow them to impregnate Rosemary with the spawn of the Devil in exchange for a successful acting career. Rosemary spits in his face. Now totally beaten, she collapses into a chair and Minnie brings her a cup of tea. Roman speaks more gently to her and encourages her to be the baby's mother, and although she hesitates at first, her maternal instincts win out, and the film ends as she rocks the baby's cradle and sings to him.
tags: murder,  horror,  atmospheric,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  suspenseful, 

title: 5 bambole per la luna d'agosto
synopsis: At a desert island retreat owned by wealthy industrialist George Stark (Teodor Corra), a group of people have assembled for a weekend getaway of relaxation. Foremost among the guests is Professor Gerry Farrell (William Berger), an inventor/scientist who is badly in need of a vacation. While the first night passes uneventfully, with the group sitting around the fireplace at Stark's large seaside house singing folk songs, Farrell is enraged to discover on the next morning that Stark, together with several of the guests, has planned this entire getaway as an opportunity to coerce him in to selling his latest invention: a formula for industrial resin.Farrell is immediately established as a decent man, and although his marriage to his wife, Trudy (Ira Furstenberg), appears to be content, she is actually involved in a secret lesbian affair with Stark's artist wife Jill (Edith Meloni). Actually, none of the relationships are particularly healthy. Stark's business partner, Nick (Maurice Poli), is verbally abusive to his coquettish wife Marie (Edwige Fenech), but does not object to her sleeping with other men, one of whom is the houseboy and manservant Charles (Mauro Bosco). Stark is less of a husband to Jill than he is a business manager. Stark arranges for Jill to have her paintings and artwork publicly displayed and is also a source of constant criticism. The sole happy couple appears to be Nick's co-worker Jack (Renato Rossini), and his wife Peggy (Helene Ronee). Also among the guests is Isabelle (Justine Gall), a young teenage girl who seems to be in Stark's care while her parents are away.As Stark, Nick, and Jack badger Farrell for the secret of the formula by offering him $1 million each from their Swiss bank accounts, Jill makes a horrible discovery on the beach: the dead body of Charles. Having already sent the motor launch away to prevent Farrell from leaving, and with the radio strangely out of commission, Stark has no way of contacting the mainland. So, Charles body is moved into a large walk-in freezer where it hangs with other 'chunks of meat'.A little later, Farrell himself is the next victim. While he is walking alone on the beach, a sniper shoots him down. Trudy and Jill, walking hand-in-hand nearby, hear the gunshot and find Farrell's dead body and run way to tell the others. But the sniper is revealed to be Isabelle, who places Farrell's body in a rowboat and pushes him out to sea.As tempers flare to Farrell's killing and 'disappearance', the killings then escalate with alarming regularity. Peggy, standing on the balcony of her room, gets shot to death by an unseen assailant. Jack arrives on the scene first, and accuses Stark of being responsible, which he denies. Soon after, Marie turns up dead, having been tied to a tree with a knife sticking out of her chest. Then, Jill turns up dead in her bathtub after being electrocuted. Each of the bodies are placed in the freezer. Rather than risk anymore bloodshed, the four remaining survivors of Stark, Jack, Nick, and Trudy hold up in Stark's living room for the night. In this way they believe, the killer cannot strike without revealing him or herself. After bickering with Trudy, Nick storms off into the night. The next morning, he too is found dead, and his body is placed in 'cold storage'.Up to this point, Stark is the most possible suspect when he sneaks out of the house and uncovers a motorboat which will take him to the mainland. As he returns to the house to get supplies, Jack confronts him where he reveals himself to be the killer, having killed off everyone to steal the $1 million cashiers checks from their bank accounts. Before Stark can to anything, Jack shoots him dead. But its revealed that Jack has not been acting alone. After killing Stark, Jack meets in the freezer with Trudy who is the real mastermind behind the whole scheme. Trudy had met with Jack before arriving on the island and offered to kill everybody so she can steal the million dollar cashier checks from Stark, Nick, in order to hand him over the formula for the resin. Jack even was forced to kill Peggy too because she got too close to discovering his plan. Jack then offers to hand Trudy over the three $1 million cashier checks, as she produces the microfilm for the resin formula. But Trudy tries to pull the same trick on Jack, by shooting him in the head, and stealing the three million dollar checks for herself. But having anticipated Trudy's betrayal, Jack manages to shoot her with his gun before expiring. At this point, Isabelle, who had been hiding in the secret passageways in the house through most of the movie, enters the freezer where Trudy and Jack killed each other, and calmly collects the three checks from Trudy's handbag.Epilogue. In an incredulous, off-the-wall twist set months later, as well-dressed Isabelle arrives at the state prison where Farrell is incarcerated. It turns out that Farrell, the apparent 'hero' of the story, actually stole the invention of the resin himself, murdering the true inventor in the process. Together with his wife, Trudy, it was Farrell who concocted the whole scheme of murder and duplicity for the sole purpose to steal Stark's, Nick's, and Jack's money. But Farrell's treachery has not gone unpunished. In their conversion on the island earlier, Farrell had met with Isabelle and had her shoot him with a drugged bullet to make it appear that he would be dead to get away from the others, whom he duped Isabelle into thinking were trying to kill him. But after shooting and drugging the professor, Isabelle pushed him out to sea in an open boat hoping someone would rescue him. Unfortunately for Farrell, his rescuers ended up being the police on their way to Stark's island and, unknown to him, the drug Isabelle used on him made him so delirious which made him confess his crimes of murdering the inventor for the resin and orchestrating with Trudy, who subcontracted Jack, to murder everyone on the island for the money. Isabelle runs off with the $3 million, leaving Farrell behind on death row to be hung for his crimes.
tags: cult,  horror,  murder, 

title: Prom Night
synopsis: Inside an old abandoned building, four children are playing a game in which they all hide while one of them looks for the others, calling out the killer is coming! Young Kim and her two twin siblings, Alex and Robin, walk by and see the children playing. Kim and Alex leave, but Robin lingers, hoping to join the game. But upon entering the building, the four kids gang up on her, chanting kill! until Robin has nowhere to go. Backing up into a window, Robin crashes through and falls out of a second floor to her death below. One of the kids, Nick, wants to get help, but Wendy convinces all of them that the best thing to do is tell no one and never tell anyone about what happened. Wendy, Nick, Jude, and Kelly swear to keep quiet. As they leave the building and ride away on their bicycles, an unseen person sees them ride off. Later that evening, Robin's father, Mr. Hammond (Leslie Nielsen) and the police are at the scene. They have surmised that Robin was the victim of a sexual attack by a homicidal maniac. They think they know who is responsible and the cops go off to question a suspect.Six years later. The now grown-up Kim (Jamie Lee Curtis) and Alex (Michael Tough) are visiting their sister's grave with their parents. A little later, an unseen person with a creaky voice is telephoning each member of the guilty party one by one telling them, I'll see you at the prom! The timid Kelly is upset, while Jude and Wendy think that it's a prank.Meanwhile, police detective McBride (George Touliatos) is unsettled because a psycho killer named Leonard Murch has escaped from a local clinic hospital. Murch was a known sex offender who the police suspected was responsible for Robin's death. That night when McBride and his men approached Murch for questioning, he fled and after a car cash, wrecked his car and suffered horrible burns all over his body. Murch has been residing in the asylum for the criminal insane and he just escaped and may be heading back to the town where it happened to look for more victims. When the police discover the dead body of a nurse that Murch took as a hostage during his escape from the hospital, McBride and the asylum psychiatrist Dr. Fairchild believe that Murch may have returned to the town for revenge against everyone.In town, it is revealed that Nick is Kim's latest boyfriend. Wendy is Nick's ex-girlfriend, and she is certainly not happy that the new couple are going to their senior prom together. Wendy tries to assure Kim that the relationship will not last by telling her It's not who you go with. It's who takes you home. Later, the school bully and misfit Lou (David Mucci), is messing with Kim in the cafeteria wearing a mouthless ski mask. Alex steps in to defend his sister, and he holds his own against Lou's two pals until Lou sucker punches him in the back. Brought before the principal, whom is Mr. Hammond, he suspends Lou for fighting. As Lou leaves the school grounds, Wendy tries to talk to him. When Nick and Kim are walking around, Nick tries to tell her about that fateful day, but is he not able to.Meanwhile, Wendy makes devious plans to break up Kim and Nick, and she tells Lou that she doesn't want anyone hurt. Lou tells her that he will take care of it. Nearby, Jude is picked up for a ride home by Slick, an outcast student who drives a Chevy van, whom he asks her to the prom and she accepts. In the girls locker room after tennis practice, Wendy finds her school photograph torn from the yearbook and hanging on the front of her locker. When Kim and her friend, Kelly, are alone, they hear a loud noise in the locker room and they see that a mirror has been smashed. After checking around the locker room, the return to see that a fragment of the mirror is gone. Jude and Kelly both find their yearbook photographs inside their lockers, as does Nick.That night, Lou picks up Wendy to take her to the prom. Mr. Hammond is the chaperone and Alex is the DJ for the disco music. Everyone is having a good time dancing and listening to the music and watch Kim and Nick do their well-choreographed dance on the dance floor before everyone. McBride secretly arrives at the dance to oversee it and to make sure that nothing bad happens.Kelly and her boyfriend, Drew, leave the gymnasium for a part of the school where they begin to make out. Kelly decides that she cannot go any further, and an irate Drew goes elsewhere telling Kelly that he knows plenty who will. After Drew walks out on Kelly, an unidentified figure donning the ski mask and wearing all-black clothing stealthily approaches the tearful Kelly and kills her by slitting her throat with a mirror shard.Jude and Slick decide to sneak out of the festivities in the gym for some intimate time as well. Outside, Jude and Slick are in the back of his van enjoying the privacy. After spending a bit of time outside the van, they hear noises and thinking that someone is nearby spying on them, go back inside the vehicle to smoke some marijuana. After a minute, the back doors open and the masked killer stabs Jude's neck with the mirror shard. The murderer then leaps in after Slick who fights back and pushes the killer out of his van and starts it up to run the killer over. The killer leaps out of the way and grabs onto Slick as he is trying to drive away. After wildly spinning around, the killer jumps free and the van with Slick inside goes over a cliff and explodes.The killer returns to the school, now wielding a felling axe and follows Wendy out of the gym to the ladies room where she is putting on makeup. The lights are turned off and the killer attacks her. Wendy gets away and a long chase through the school begins as Wendy tries to outrun her axe-wielding pursuer. The chase leads through the darkened halls, classrooms, and the workshop area. Wendy almost gets away, but in due time the killer finds her when she screams to the discovery of Kelly's body in a linen closet and she is axed to her death.Back inside the prom, McBride is told by another police officer that Murch has been caught and was several miles away from the town. When McBride leaves, Kim begins looking for her father, but cannot find him as he is to announce the new prom king and queen. So, a teacher decides to announce the winners himself. Backstage, Nick and Kim ready themselves for the announcement of prom king and queen when Nick is accosted by Lou's thugs and Lou takes his place backstage with the crown. The killer, believing Lou to be Nick-in-waiting, approaches from behind and decapitates Lou, with his head landing on the catwalk and causing the students to scream and flee from the gymnasium. The killer is knocked out when he accidentally hits a fuse box. Kim finds Nick and frees him and tries to help him get out of the building. The killer revives and, quickly realizing his mistake, blocks the exit and attacks Nick and Kim. The killer only wanting to kill Nick and cares little about Kim whom is trying to stop him. After a struggle between Nick and the killer, Kim bluntly hits the killer's head with his own axe where Kim pauses for a moment and recognizes the killer's identity from the eyes.The killer stumbles away and outside where McBride returns with the police who have surrounded the place. As they take aim, Kim runs outside and yells at the officers not to shoot. Kim runs to the collapsed killer's side, who is revealed to be Alex, the twin of Robin. Kim holds Alex who tells her that Nick and his friends were responsible for killing Robin. As Alex dies from his wound, Nick walks outside and stares at a tearful Kim as she continues holding her deceased brother in her arms.
tags: grindhouse film,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Halloween II
synopsis: Hannonfield, Illinois, October 31, 1978. The film begins with the last few scenes of the original film, where Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis) sends the two kids she's babysitting (Brian Andrews, Kyle Richards) to run and get help after the home has been invaded by psychopath Michael Myers (Dick Warlock). After the kids run off screaming, she is attacked by Myers again, and is rescued when Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) arrives and shoot Myers off of the upstairs balcony.From here, the film is entirely new. Loomis rushes out to the lawn and finds that Michael has vanished,
leaving behind only a bloody imprint in the grass. He instructs a neighbor to phone the news to the police
and runs off in search of Michael again.After the opening credits, which similar to the opening credits of the previous film, shows a jack-o-lantern which slowly opens to reveal a human skull, Michael Myers, aka The Shape, lurks in the alleys nearby, watching Dr. Loomis from a distance. Loomis meets up with Sherrif Leigh Brackett (Charles Cyphers) and they drive off in
another direction in search of Myers. Myers then sneaks into a nearby house and steals a kitchen knife from a neighbor woman (Lucille Benson).Down the street, Myers sees a young girl by the name of Alice (Anne Bruner) outside and stalks her. Inside, Alice is speaking on the phone with a friend who informs her that someone was murdered in Haddonfield. Alice switches on the radio and is shocked at the news when suddenly, the back door creaks open. Afraid, Alice ventures into the living room where Myers jumps out and thrusts the kitchen knife into her chest, causing blood to spurt up onto her neck.Paramedics arrive at the Doyle house and take Laurie away on a stretcher. She appears to be in shock, and she begs them not to put her to sleep. The two EMTs are Budd (Leo Rossi) and Jimmy (Lance Guest). Jimmy is younger and takes an immediate interest in Laurie, concerned and obviously distressed that someone close to him in age has been attacked in Haddonfield. They take her to Haddonfield Memorial Hospital, where she is tended to by the half-drunk Dr. Mixter (Ford Rainey), head nurse Mrs. Alves (Gloria Gifford), and RN Jill (Tawny Moyer).Meanwhile, Loomis and Brackett circle the neighborhood and happen upon a young man wearing a white mask similar to the one worn by Michael Myers. In a freak accident, they pursue him but an approaching patrol car crashes into him and then into the side of a van. The violent explosion incinerates the body. One of the approaching patrolmen, Deputy Hunt (Hunter von Leer), has come to tell Brackett the bad news that his daughter is among the dead that have been discovered in the wake of Myers's rampage. They drive off to the location so that Brackett can identify her. Brackett, in shock at finding his daughter dead, blames Loomis for allowing Michael to escape and departs for his home, leaving Hunt in charge. Loomis convinces Hunt that Michael Myers could possibly still be alive, since they are uncertain who exactly was struck and killed by the patrol car.Another young nurse, Karen (Pamela Susan Shoop), who works in the nursery, arrives at the hospital after staying too late at a Halloween party. She is sharply reprimanded by Mrs. Alves, even as they are both unaware that Michael Myers is lurking in the hospital, watching them. Earlier, Michael overheard a radio broadcast announcing that Laurie was taken to the hospital, and has followed her here.Jimmy schemes to be alone with Laurie, both to console her and get closer to her. He reveals to her that the crazy man who was pursuing her earlier was Michael Myers, who escaped from the mental hospital the previous night. Laurie is confused and does not understand why she seems to have been targeted by
Myers. Mrs. Alves interrupts and sends Jimmy away, then discovers that the phones are suddenly out of
service. The security guard, Mr. Garrett (Cliff Emmich), explores the basement and rear of the hospital to search for the trouble and after he searches one of the closets, Michael suddenly leaps out and kills him by bashing him over the head with the back of a hammer. Mr. Garrett's death goes unnoticed despite the presence of a nursing assistant named Janet (Ana Alicia).Across town, Loomis and Hunt investigate a break in at the local elementary school and find that Michael Myers has been there; a child's drawing of a family has a butcher knife sticking in the image of the sister, and the word
Samhain has been scrawled in blood on the chalk board. Loomis remarks on the Celtic origins of the
word, and he is surprised when Marion Chambers (Nancy Stephens) approaches him. NUrse Chambers, who was with Loomis the previous night when Michael made his escape, has been sent with a Marshal (John Zenda) to return Loomis to Haddonfield, on orders from the governor. Loomis is forcibly taken away, while Hunt promises to find Michael.Meanwhile, Michael Myers continues to murder the staff at the hospital. Budd and Karen attempt to make love in a hospital therapy pool, but Myers turns up the temperature until Budd gets out to check it. After strangling Budd to death, he approaches Karen from behind and seizes her, holding her under the scalding hot water until she drowns, the flesh peeled away from her face.Laurie has a reaction to her medication and goes into shock, and when Janet goes to get Dr. Mixter, she finds
him dead in his private office, a needle thrust into one eyeball. Myers appears behind Janet and grabs
her, thrusting another needle into her temple until she, too, falls down dead.Jimmy goes off to find help when nobody returns, and Jill is summoned by another patient. While she is
gone, Michael enters Laurie's room at stabs at her bed, but she is gone (Laurie was only pretending to have a reaction to the medication). When Jill returns, she finds the room empty. Hindered by a cracked ankle and dazed from the drugs, Laurie limps through the now-quiet halls of the hospital, looking for a safe place to
hide.Jimmy reappears and sends Jill off to get help, telling her to drive into town and bring back the police. But after she leaves, he finds the body of Mrs. Alves in a nearby operating room, tied to a table, an IV tube in her arm having drained all of her blood out onto the floor. Suddenly he panics and tries to run, but he slips in the blood and falls on his back, slamming his head down on the floor, rendering him unconscious.Jill attempts to leave the hospital, but finds all of the cars in the parking lot disabled, the tires slashed and the engines tampered with. After she runs back into the hospital, she sees Laurie in a hallway and tries to reach her, but Michael appears after resting for a while in one of the vacant rooms and kills her with a scalpel in her back. Laurie witnesses it and is terrified into action; she runs through the halls with Michael in pursuit. Rushing down a stairwell and into the basement, Laurie corners herself in a boiler room and must climb through a small window near the ceiling to escape, Michael almost slashing her ankles. After nearly cornering her again in an elevator, Laurie escapes and rushes into the parking lot, hiding in a parked car.In the Marshal's car, Marion has a discussion with Dr. Loomis where she reveals information that he did not previously know; Laurie Strode is actually the sister of Michael Myers, born two years before Michael's original crime and adopted after the death of the parents two years after. Loomis immediately understands that Michael is after Laurie for a reason and commandeers the Marshal's car, pulling a gun on him and forcing him to make for the hospital.In the parking lot of the hospital, Laurie sees a dark shape open the car door and get inside--it is Jimmy. He tries to start the car and cannot; Laurie tries to talk to him but he falls over the wheel again, passed out. The horn goes off and Laurie panics again, her hiding place revealed. She tries to leave the car and falls in the parking lot, still dazed. As she lays there, the Marshal's car pulls up and Loomis, Marion, and the Marshal get out and go into the hospital. Laurie cannot cry out until it's too late and they are inside, pulling the doors shut behind them.As she gets to her feet, Michael appears across the parking lot, walking slowly toward her. Laurie runs to the doors and bangs on them, screaming, and attracts the attention of the others. They let her inside and Myers walks right through the closed glass doors. Loomis shoots him with his gun and he falls over, seemingly dead. After sending Marion out to the Marshal's car to use the radio for summoning the police, Loomis turns to comfort Laurie. Michael rises up again and slits the Marshal's throat with a scalpel, chasing Loomis and Laurie deeper into the hospital.They corner themselves in an operating room. As Michael breaks down the door, Loomis gives Laurie his gun, which only has two shots left in it. When Michael gets in, he stabs Loomis in the stomach. Loomis falls over, mortally wounded. Laurie tries to stop Michael by calling his name, which he stops for a minute to look at her, but he soon advances on her again and she shoots him in the eyes. Blinded, he starts swinging his scalpel wildly. Loomis struggles to his feet and begins releasing oxygen into the room from the many tanks on the walls. Laurie follows suit until the doctor tells her to run. She bolts from the room and runs down the hall as Loomis ignites his cigarette lighter, causing a huge explosion. Even from the inferno, Myers emerges and keeps walking toward Laurie, until the flames consume him and he falls.As the sky lightens into morning, Laurie is taken outside the hospital and placed into the back of an ambulance, as reporters, authorities and other onlookers watch. She stares blankly as the ambulance pulls away, seemingly in shock, but alive. The final image in the film is the face of Michael's burning corpse.
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  good versus evil,  insanity,  suspenseful, 

title: Pen choo kab pee
synopsis: The story tells of a pregnant village girl, Nualjan, who left her hometown in search of her lost husband. En route to the big city (Bangkok), where her husband had set off to on a business trip, Nualjan stops at a large estate. The house is owned by a mysterious and rich widow named Ranjuan, who lives in a separate house in the same compound. Madam Ranjuan secludes herself in her boudoir all day, welcoming a mysterious lover into her chamber every night. Nualjan quickly discovers that the house and its members hide some fairly serious mysteries.After spending several fearful nights at the estate, she decides that she needs to continue on in her search for her husband. Unfortunately, fate has other plans for her, as she goes into labor. With a newborn infant, she is in no condition to wander the streets of Bangkok searching for her husband. Despite her reservations about the spooky old house she has found herself in, she settles in temporarily as she adjusts to the demands of new motherhood.She soon realizes that most of the staff and family at the estate are at the very least bizarre and most probably linked to the spirit world to some degree. Her only friend in the dark, brooding house, is a fellow servant woman called Choy, who tells Nualjan frightening stories about the history of the house and its in inhabitants. If the houses owner, Madam Ranjuan, is not strange enough, her Grandmother Erb is a crazy old woman who lives in a shack behind the garden and clutches a scary-looking baby doll. In her daily strolls around the grounds, Nualjan often finds a ghostly little girl who wants her to come and play. Additionally, there is the unknown lover who frequents Madam Ranjuan's bedroom who Nualjan never recalls seeing coming or going from the estate grounds.Nualjan soon begins to understand that the mysteries surrounding the strange house not only center around its unusual household members. She comes to realize that her coming to the estate may have been more than a coincidence. Her fate may also be inexplicably linked to the mysteries of this strange mansion in the woods.
tags: insanity,  horror,  murder,  flashback, 

title: The Fog
synopsis: Set in a Northern California fishing town called Antonio Bay, the town is about to celebrate its centennial on April 21, 1980, and are having a celebration led by Kathy Williams (Janet Leigh). However, the centennial is also marked by ominous events, including the appearance of a glowing fog that spreads over land and sea.In the first scene, on the night before the town's celebration, a group of children seated around a campfire on a beach, are entertained by a ghost story, told by 'old' Mr. Machen (John Houseman) (exactly at the stroke of midnight), the resident elderly fisherman. The story being told is indicative of the history of the town's formation, which is being discovered at that exact moment by the local priest, Father Malone (Hal Holbrook), when he finds the diary of his grandfather (who was also the town's priest).The diary later reveals a dark secret unknown to the current inhabitants where, in 1880, six of the founders of Antonio Bay (including Malone's grandfather) deliberately sank and plundered the Elizabeth Dane, a clipper ship owned by Blake, a wealthy man with leprosy who wanted to establish a colony near Antonio Bay. The six conspirators lit a fire on the beach near treacherous rocks, and the crew of the clipper, deceived by the false beacon, crashed into them. Everyone aboard the ship perished. The six conspirators were motivated both by greed and disgust at the notion of having a leper colony nearby. Antonio Bay and its church were then founded with the gold plundered from the ship.The mysterious fog contains the vengeful ghosts of Blake and the clipper's crew, who have come back on the 100th anniversary of the shipwreck and the founding of the town to apparently take the lives of six people (symbolic substitutes for the six conspirators).This same night, three local fishermen, Al Williams, Tommy Wallace, and Dick Baxter, are gruesomely murdered by supernatural attackers after the fog covers their boat. Just prior to their deaths, Al and Tommy are standing on the deck of the boat and can see a ghostly looking ship pulling along side theirs, through the dense, but glowing fog.At the same time, Nick Castle (Tom Atkins) drives down a country road and picks up a hitchhiker called Elizabeth (Jamie Lee Curtis) who claims to be on her way to Vancouver. While the two drive towards town, the radio and headlights of the car start to fail, as the windows of the truck are blown out. At the same time, various odd phenomena begin to happen around the sleeping town (chairs move, television sets turn themselves on, gas stations seemingly come to life).A short time later, Nick and Elizabeth have arrived at Nick's coastal home and are relaxing when a heavy knock is heard at the door. Making his way to open the glass, front door, Nick sees an odd light shining outside, illuminating a shadowy figure. The clock strikes 1AM, and it's face suddenly cracks, just as Nick opens the door, only to see there is no one there, and the fog has dissipated.The following morning, while in her bungalow next to the beach, the local radio DJ Stevie Wayne (Adrianne Barbeau) is lying in bed when her young son, Andy, returns to the house showing her a broken plank of wood he has discovered. It reads DANE. Intrigued by the piece, Stevie keeps it and takes it with her to the lighthouse, where she is preparing for her next show and listening to various promotional tapes for her station. Stevie sets the plank on top of the tape player that is playing the promotional spots, and while she is momentarily distracted, the plank begins to seep water. The water spreads and causes the tape player to short. Suddenly, Blake's voice emerges from the tape player swearing revenge, the words 6 Must Die appear on the plank, and the plank bursts into flames. A shocked Stevie immediately extinguishes the fire. Afterwards, Stevie checks the plank only to find that it once again reads DANE.Meanwhile, Nick and Elizabeth charter a boat and embarch on a search for the missing fishing boat, called the Sea Grass. Soon, they find the boat where the fishermen were killed. After looking around the deserted boat, they go below decks, and Elizabeth finds the eyeless corpse of Dick Baxter, the youngest of the three fishermen. They then take Baxter's body to the local coroner's office to be examined by Dr. Phibes. Phibes, who is perplexed by the body's advanced state of decomposition, takes Nick aside to ask him about the circumstances of the body's discovery and leaves Elizabeth alone in the autopsy room with Baxter's corpse. The body becomes momentarily re-animated by a ghost. It rises from the steel autopsy table, grabs a scalpel, and walks over to Elizabeth. As Baxter's corpse moves closer to Elizabeth, she screams, and the body drops to the floor, lifeless once again. Elizabeth's screams bring Nick and Phibes rushing back into the autopsy room, where they see that the corpse has scratched the number 3 into the floor with the scalpel.Back in Antonio Bay town center, the town's celebration begins. At the same time, Dan (Charles Cypress), the local weatherman, and Stevie talk over the phone. Stevie expresses her apprehension about the strange glowing fog that is moving toward the town. Dan then hears a knock at the weather station's door and leaves Stevie on the phone while he goes to answer it. Dan is killed when he opens the door and one of the ghosts impales him through the throat with a hook, and Stevie listens in horror.Just when the ghosts of the fog cut the phone lines as well as sabatoge the power for the entire town, Stevie begins her radio broadcast and begs someone to get to her house and save her son when she sees the fog roll up to the house. Nick and Elizabeth hear this over Nick's truck radio and go to help. Back at Stevie's house, a strange knock comes at the door. The elderly babysitter goes to answer it and tells Andy to go to his room. When she opens the door the ghosts come out of the fog and impale her on their swords and hooks. The ghosts then go after Andy. Nick arrives just in time and takes Andy in his car. A minute of tension begins when Elizabeth, driving Nick's truck, attemps to flee with him, but gets stuck in a road pothole as the fog surrounds the truck and the ghosts slowly emerge towards them. At the last second, Elizabeth managed to free the truck from the pothole and drive in reverse, away from the ghosts and out of the fog.As the celebration in town comes to an end, Kathy and her assistant drive home in the same car. When they turn on the radio they hear Stevie repeatedly telling people to stay away from the fog as it is dangerous. When the fog appears, they drive away from it. They then hear Stevie saying the only safe place is the church, which they go to. Nick, Elizabeth and Andy hear the same message and they too go to the church. They all meet in the church as well as Father Malone, and they hide in the small back room. While they are in the room, Kathy and Father Malone find some of the stolen gold, which has been melted into a cross. Blake's ghost and his crew begin to break into the room. Knowing he is the offspring of the last conspirator, Father Malone confronts the ghosts with the golden cross in an attempt to sacrifice himself and save everyone else.Back at the lighthouse the fog rolls in and several of the ghosts try to attack Stevie. She climbs onto the roof with the ghosts in hot pursuit. The ghosts slowly close in on her and get ready to attack.Back in the church, Blake's ghost grabs the golden cross. The golden cross starts to glow and the church rumbles as the light emanating from the cross becomes brighter and brighter. Only seconds before Blake's ghost and the cross disappear in a flash and a thunder Nick manages to pull Father Malone away from the cross. With Blake's ghost the other ghosts are suddenly vanished too. The fog disappears and all of the town's people are saved.Later that night when Father Malone is alone in the church, he asks himself Why not me Blake?, at that moment the fog reappears with Blake and his men. Blake swings his sword at Father Malone's head, decapitating him as the screen cuts to black.
tags: gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  revenge,  storytelling, 

title: The Taking
synopsis: Mia, Gavin, and Luis are a documentary team set to create a documentary about Deborah Logan, an elderly woman suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Deborah is reluctant to be filmed but agrees to the project after her daughter Sarah reminds her that they need the money to keep the house from being repossessed. While filming, Sarah and Deborah talk about earlier years when Deborah worked as a switchboard operator for her own answering service business to make ends meet.Deborah is shown to exhibit increasingly bizarre actions that her personal physician, Dr. Nazir, states are normal for someone with an aggressive form of Alzheimer's. However, cameraman Luis begins to notice that several of Deborah's actions defy normal explanations and expresses concern that something supernatural is occurring. Things grow more tense after Luis and Gavin record audio of Deborah speaking in French while sitting at her old switchboard, talking about sacrifices and snakes. They also notice that the line for 337 continually rings and discover that the line belonged to local physician Henry Desjardins, who disappeared after a series of cannibalistic ritualized murders of four young girls. This information is too much for Gavin, so he quits. Deborah's behavior becomes so extreme that she is hospitalized for her own safety.Mia and the others discover that Desjardins was supposedly trying to re-create an ancient demonic ritual that would make him immortal but required the deaths of five virgin girls that recently had their first period. They question whether Deborah is possessed by Desjardins as a similar case occurred in Africa where a mother was possessed by her dead son and was freed only when a witch doctor burned the son's corpse.At the hospital, Harris visits Deborah, who begs Harris to kill her. He tries to comply with her wishes but is unsuccessful due to the entity within Deborah preventing it. Sarah, Mia, and Luis discover that Deborah had unsuccessfully tried to abduct Cara, a young cancer patient in whom she had previously tried to take. Sarah learns that years ago, Deborah had learned that Desjardins planned to use Sarah as his fifth victim and had murdered the doctor before he could accomplish this, and buried his body in the yard. The group eventually finds the body and tries to burn it but fails to do so.Deborah succeeds in abducting Cara from the hospital and taking her to the location where Desjardins had killed all of his previous victims. After discovering Deborah has gone into the mines, Sheriff Tweed follows behind, only to be killed moments later. After hearing Tweed's attack Sarah and Mia follow behind, only to find Deborah just as she's trying to eat Cara's head in a snake-like manner. They finally manage to burn Desjardins' corpse.The film then cuts to news footage of reporters stating that Deborah was deemed unfit to stand trial for the crimes she committed during her abduction of Cara. An additional news story shows that Cara has overcome her cancer and is celebrating her birthday. As the reporter begins to wrap up the story, Cara turns to the camera and gives a creepy smile... hinting that Desjardins' ritual was completed and that his evil soul is now in control of her body.
tags: mystery,  violence,  horror,  murder,  flashback, 

title: Mil gritos tiene la noche
synopsis: Boston, 1942. A mother walks into a room and catches her son, Timmy, doing a jigsaw puzzle of a naked female. Very irrigated, she says she is going to burn it. She order her son to get her a plastic bag which to dispose of the remains. Tommy instead takes an axe from a closet and murders his mother. He then saws her dead body into pieces and sits down to finish his puzzle. A woman neighbor shows up at the house and knocks on the front door where there is no answer. After phoning the house and still getting no response, she calls the police. Two policemen force their way into the house and enter Timmy's bedroom where they find blood covering the floor. One of the policemen says Something's been butchered up here. Let's hope it was an animal. Inside a closet, they find the woman's decapitated head. In another closet in the hallway, they find the blood-splattered Timmy who screams Mommy! The policemen console him where he tells the officers that a maniac broke in and murdered his mother.40 years later. An unseen person enters a fancy apartment and goes to a closet where he recovers a box containing shoes and clothes, mostly covered in dried blood. Along with it is the remains of the nude jigsaw puzzle.Somewhere on a college campus, a girl is studying in the grass. Nearby, an unknown person is seen working on the shrubbery with a chainsaw. The man dressed in all black clothing approaches and saws off her head with the chainsaw. A little later, Lt. Bracken (Christopher George) and his partner Sgt. Holden (Frank Brana) arrive to investigate the killing. They talk to the college dean (Edmund Purdom) about the chainsaw murder and there were no witnesses and the girl's head is missing. Bracken tells the Dean that they have no suspects and says We're just out buying clothes without labels and trying them on for size. Willard (Paul Smith) the burly and bearded groundskeeper is outside utilizing a chainsaw similar to the one the killer used.In the campus library that evening, a girl gives a note to a male student, named Kendall (Ian Sera), expressing the desire to do it underwater. The unseen killer finds the discarded note nearby and goes to the gym swimming pool where the girl is. As the girl swims, the black-clad killer grabs her by her hair when she swims close to a wall and pulls her out of the water and attacks her with his chainsaw. A little later, Willard arrives and turns on the pool lights where he sees Kendall run from the area and finds a bloody chainsaw and the girl in pieces with her entire torso missing. The police arrive and arrest Willard when he attempts to run. The groundskeeper claims to the cops that he just discovered the body and had nothing to do with the killing. Both Bracken and Holden are stumped by the mutilated dead girl with her entire torso missing. I wonder what he's doing with all the pieces that are missing says Bracken.The next day at the police station, Dr. Jennings (Gerard Tichy) arrives to provide a profile of the murder. Lt. Bracken brings in Mary Riggs (Lynda Day George), a former tennis player-turned undercover-cop. Bracken explains to Holden that Mary is going undercover to pose as a tennis instructor at the college, and Kendall is going to assist her whenever he can.Sylvia Costa (Isabelle Luque), a Boston Globe reporter, tells Bracken about the rumors she has heard, leading her to believe that a maniac is running loose. Meanwhile, the unseen black-clad killer returns to his apartment and set out to get more pieces of dead women (while continually working on his human jigsaw puzzle). The killer has assembled the girl's severed head to the torso. He now needs a pair of arms and legs.That evening, the killer (his face still unseen and wearing all black clothing along with black leather gloves with a Fedora hat), stalks the deserted campus and follows a girl who has just finished her aerobics routine. She goes to wait for an elevator and appears to recognize him when he approaches. The girl says oh, it's you. She tells the killer that she is worried about the two recent killings. The girl and man in black get into the elevator together. Soon, he reveals his chainsaw which has has been hiding behind his back. He starts it up saws both of her arms off (in close-up and graphic ultra-gory fashion). On the floor below, Kendall hears a scream and he and two policemen enter the elevator only to discover that the killer has already fled and the armless woman in the elevator. The police call in for medics, but the woman dies before she can tell them anything about what the killer looked like.A little later that night, Kendall sees Mary walking around alone at the deserted campus. While the unseen killer is near, Mary has an odd encounter with the kung fu professor, who attacks her and then explains he is not sure what happened after Mary has kicked him in the groin. Afterwords, Mary leaves with Kendall, but Sylvia is still snooping around. The killer follows Sylvia and murders her.The next day, Mary and Kendall are playing tennis. A fellow tennis player heads into the locker room to shower. The unseen killer appears again and attacks her with his chainsaw. She apparently knows the killer when she screams You! The killer chases her into a linen closet where he chainsaws the door down. The killer breaks in and cuts into her torso. At the same time, Mary and Kendall see Willard leaving the locker room and inquire about music being played loudly over the speakers. They eventually find the bloody, dismembered corpse inside the locker room with both of her legs cut off.Kendall then goes to the police station where he meets Holden and thinks that the killer must be part of the university faculty since the killer seems to know when and where to strike and avoid the police. The look into the Dean's past and they discover that when the Dean was younger, his mother was killed by a person who was never found and that he previously changed his name. They figure out that the Dean must be the killer. They figure out that the Dean must like jigsaw puzzles and has been taking pieces of the dead women to make his own human jigsaw puzzle.Meanwhile, Mary visits the Dean in his office where he takes her back to his apartment on campus (the killer's apartment). She is clearly in danger of becoming a victim herself. The Dean tells Mary that she has nice feet, so the Dean drugs her drink and plots to kill her to saw off her feet to fully complete his human jigsaw puzzle. Bracken, Holden, and Kendall burst into the Dean's apartment, forcing him to run. They find Mary sitting on the sofa, temporarily paralyzed by the drug.After the cops leave Kendall there alone, the Dean comes out from behind a curtain (he was only hiding and never fled the apartment) and attacks. Bracken returns and shoots the Dean who falls dead. Afterwords, Holden inadvertently discovers the Dean's human jigsaw puzzle when he leans against a bookshelf and it turns around; the body assembled from the various human parts falls onto Kendall. When Bracken, Holden, Mary and everyone else prepares to leave the scene as the cops take the Dean away in the body bag, Kendall goes for his jacket. Suddenly, the human jigsaw corpse, somehow comes to life and grabs Kendall's crotch and squeezes, vividly castrating him in revenge her her master's death....
tags: cruelty,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare
synopsis: In 1999, Freddy Krueger has returned and killed nearly every child and teenager in the town of Springwood, Ohio, excluding Alice Johnson and her son Jacob, who are revealed to have moved away. The only surviving teenager, known only as John Doe, finds himself confronted by Freddy in a dream and wakes up just outside the Springwood City limits and does not remember who he is or why he is outside of Springwood.
At a shelter for troubled youth, Spencer, Carlos, and Tracy plot to run away from the shelter. Carlos was physically abused by his parents, resulting in a hearing disability; Tracy was raped by her father; and Spencer was a stoner. John, after being picked up by the police, becomes a resident of the shelter and a patient of Dr. Maggie Burroughs. Maggie notices a newspaper clipping in John's pocket from Springwood. To cure John's amnesia, she plans a road trip to Springwood. Tracy, Carlos, and Spencer stow away in the van to escape the shelter, but they are discovered when John has a hallucination and almost wrecks the van just outside Springwood.
Tracy, Spencer, and Carlos, after trying to leave Springwood, rest at a nearby abandoned house, which transforms into 1428 Elm Street, Freddy Krueger's former home. John and Maggie visit Springwood Orphanage and discover that Freddy had a child. John believes he is the child because Freddy allowed him to live. Back on Elm Street, Carlos and Spencer fall asleep and are killed by Freddy. Tracy is awakened by Maggie, but John, who went into the dream world with Tracy to try to help Spencer, is still asleep. Maggie and Tracy take him back to the shelter. On their way back, Krueger kills John in his dream, but not before revealing that Krueger's kid is a girl. As John dies, he reveals this information to Maggie. Tracy and Maggie return to the shelter, but they discover that no one remembers John, Spencer, or Carlos except for Doc, who has learned to control his dreams. Maggie remembers what John told her and discovers her own adoption papers, learning that she is Freddy's daughter. Her birth name was Katherine Krueger. Her name was legally changed to Maggie Burroughs
Doc discovers Freddy's power comes from the dream demons who continually revive him, and that Freddy can be killed if he is pulled into the real world. Maggie decides that she will be the one to enter Freddy's mind and pull him into the real world. Once in the dream world, she puts on a pair of 3-D glasses and enters Freddy's mind. There, she discovers that Freddy was teased as a child, abused by his foster father, inflicted self-abuse as a teenager, and murdered his wife. Freddy was given the power to become immortal from fiery demons. After some struggling, Maggie pulls Freddy into the real world.
Maggie and Freddy end up in hand-to-hand combat against one another. While Maggie continues to battle Freddy, she uses several weapons confiscated from patients at the shelter. Enraged by the knowledge of what he has done, she disarms him of his clawed glove. Eventually, Maggie stabs Freddy in the stomach with his own glove while she is close to him. Tracy throws Maggie a pipe bomb. After she impales Freddy to a steel support beam she throws the bomb in his chest. She says Happy Fathers Day, kisses him, and runs. The three dream demons fly out of Freddy after the pipe bomb kills him, unable to revive him in the real world. Maggie smiles at Tracy and Maggie says, Freddy's dead.
tags: comedy,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  good versus evil,  insanity,  psychedelic,  sadist, 

title: The Exorcist III
synopsis: The film begins with the point of view of someone wandering through the streets of Georgetown, a voice informing us I have dreams... of a rose... and of falling down a long flight of stairs. The point of view shows a warning of evil about to arrive later that night at a church. Demonic growls are heard. Leaves and other street trash suddenly come flying into the church as a crucifix comes to life. It then cuts to Lieutenant William F. Kinderman at a crime scene, where a 12-year-old boy named Thomas Kintry has been murdered.
Kinderman takes his friend, a priest named Father Dyer, out to see their mutually favorite film It's a Wonderful Life. Kinderman later relates the gruesome details of the murder of the young boy he was investigating that morning, including his crucifixion. Another murder soon takes place—a priest is found decapitated in a church. Dyer is shortly hospitalized—and found murdered the next day—with the words IT'S A WONDERFULL LIFE, written on a wall in Dyer's blood.
The fingerprints at the crime scenes do not match, indicating a different person was responsible for each. Kinderman tells hospital staff the reason for his unease: seventeen years ago the vicious serial killer James The Gemini Venamun, was executed; with every victim he cut off the right index finger and carved the Zodiac sign of Gemini into the palm of their left hand. Kinderman noticed the hands of the three new victims and verified that the Gemini's sign has been there. The Gemini Killer also always used an extra L in his notes sent to the media, such as usefull or carefull. Furthermore, to filter out false confessions, the original Gemini Killer's true mutilations were kept a secret by the Richmond police's homicide department; the newspapers were made to wrongfully report that the left middle finger was severed and that the Gemini sign was carved on the back of the victim.
Kinderman visits the head of the psychiatric ward, Dr. Temple, who relates the history of a man in Cell 11, that he was found wandering aimlessly seventeen years ago with amnesia. The man was locked up, catatonic until recently when he became violent and claimed to be the Gemini Killer. Kinderman sees that the patient resembles his dead friend Father Damien Karras. The patient expresses ignorance of Father Karras, but boasts of killing Father Dyer.
The next morning, a nurse and Dr. Temple are found dead. Kinderman returns to see the patient in Cell 11, who claims that after his execution his soul entered Karras's dying body. The Gemini's spiritual master, who had possessed the girl Regan MacNeil, was furious at being pushed out of the child's body and is exacting its revenge by putting the soul of the Gemini Killer into the body of Father Karras. Each evening, the soul of the Gemini leaves the body of Karras and possesses the elderly people with senile dementia elsewhere in the hospital and uses them to commit the murders. The Gemini Killer forced Dr. Temple to bring Kinderman to him or he would suffer in unspeakable ways — Temple couldn't take the pressure, and he committed suicide.
The Gemini possesses an old woman, who makes a failed attempt to murder Kinderman's daughter. The possessed patient attacks Kinderman, but the attack abruptly ends when a priest, Father Paul Morning (Nicol Williamson), enters the corridor leading to cell 11 and attempts an exorcism on the patient. The Gemini's patron intervenes, taking over the patient's body, and the priest is all but slain. Kinderman arrives in time and attempts to euthanize Karras after finding the body of the priest but is hurled into the wall by the possessed Karras. Father Morning manages to briefly regain consciousness and tells Karras, Damien, fight him. Karras regains his free will briefly and cries to Kinderman, Bill, now! Shoot now! Kill me now! Kinderman fires his revolver several times, hitting Karras in the chest, fatally wounding him. The Gemini is now gone...and Karras is finally free. With weak breaths, he says We won, Bill. Now free me. Kinderman puts his revolver against Karras' head—and fires.
The film ends with Kinderman standing over Karras' grave.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  psychedelic,  sadist, 

title: Popcorn
synopsis: Maggie (Jill Schoelen) has nightmares about a man, and tells so to Suzanne, (Dee Wallace-Stone). She's preparing a script about a girl named Sarah, so she doesn't have time for Mark (Derek Rydall). Mr Davis (Tony Roberts) will find his students' film with three Z-series films with surprises. The students agree: Tina (Freddie Marie Simpson), wheelchair-bound Bud (Malcolm Danare), Leon (Elliot Hurst), Joanie (Ivette Soler), Cheryl (Kelly Jo Minter) and Toby (Tom Villard). The films will be broadcast at the Dreamland, an old theatre destroyed by the fire. Dr. Mnesyne (Ray Walston) will provide all the propsDuring the preparations, they find Possession, a film about Lanyard Gates (Mat Falls), a crazy mad who recorded his attempt to sacrifice Sarah. Maggie will discover he was his father, and Suzanne saved herself and her from the fire. Suzanne goes to the theatre alone at night because of some threatening calls she's been lately suffering.Mark goes with Joy (Karen Witter) that night to the cinema, but seeks Maggie. Somebody has killed Mr Davis, with the mosquito model. Disguised as Mr Davis, that person kills Tina. Then, disguised as Tina, that person kills Bud. Disguised as Leon, that person kills Leon himself.That person confronts Maggie. Suzanne is alive, but can't move and has a gun in her hand. Maggie discovers Toby is the killer. He was disfigured at the fire, and wants to recreate Gates' sacrifice. Mark talks to Toby's landlord (Will Knickerbocker), and runs back to the theatre to save Maggie.Cheryl and Joanie throw Joy and a bearded guy (Scott Thompson) out of the theatre, because they have quarrelled with Mark. They lock the door, so Mark has to climb the façade to enter-.Toby represents the film Possession while broadcasting it. The audience laughs when Maggie says it ain't a film. Mark saves her by killing Toby with the sharp-tongued mosquito model.Toby and Maggie kiss each other while giving their evidence to the police.
tags: horror,  cult,  revenge,  murder, 

title: Dèmoni
synopsis: While riding the subway to class, music student Cheryl (Natasha Hovey) is given a free pass to a movie theater by a silent, imposing man wearing a metal mask (Michele Soavi). She persuades her classmate, Kathy (Paola Cazzo), to skip class and go to the film with her. There they meet two young men, George (Urbano Barberini) and Ken (Karl Zinny). Other attendees include a smoothly dressed black man, Tony (Bobby Rhodes), and his two girlfriends, Rosemary (Geretta Geretta) and Carmen (Fabiola Toledo), cranky husband Frank (Stelio Candelli) and bitter wife Ruth (Nicole Tessier), young couple Tommy (Guido Baldi) and Hannah (Fiore Argento) and blind man Werner (Alex Serra) and his daughter Liz (Enrica Maria Scrivero). In the lobby of the theater, Rosemary tries on a prop demon mask that leaves a cut on her cheek.Kathy is upset to learn they have come to see a horror film, even though George and Ken offer to protect her and Cheryl. In the film, a group of college students ride their motor bikes to the ruins of an old castle rumored to be the burial place of Nostradamus. One of the characters puts on a demon mask identical to the one in the lobby, and it cuts his face. At this moment, the scratch on Rosemary's cheek begins to throb. She goes to the bathroom to take care of it but instead transforms into a demon -- mirroring the character's transformation in the film. Rosemary mauls Carmen, who had followed her to the bathroom. Badly injured, Carmen crashes through the movie screen just as the possessed characters hacks at his friends with a knife.As the horrified audience crowds around her, Carmen transforms into a demon and kills Frank, while Carmen strangles Liz and gouges out Werner's eyes. She and Rosemary then chase the rest of the audience members through the theater. All of the exits have been boarded up somehow. Believing the film is somehow causing people to become demons, Tony leads Kathy, Cheryl, George and Kelly to the projection booth to shut it down. Finding no one there, they smash the projectors then barricade themselves in the balcony. Werner tells them the film isn't the source of evil, the theater itself is. Now also transformed into demons, Frank and Liz attack the others. Liz bites Tony in the leg while Frank vomits demonic blood all over Hannah.When four punks -- Ripper (Lino Salemme), Hot Dog (Giuseppe Maro Cruciane), Baby Pig (Peter Pitsch) and Nina (Bettina Ciampolini) -- manage to break into the theater, the now demonified Werner slips out into a street where he attacks two police officers. Hannah and Tommy try to crawl through a ventilation shaft, but Hannah has been transformed into a demon herself and kills Tommy. Believing the punks are there to rescue them, the survivors begin to tear down the barricades, but this only allows the demons to reach the balcony and attack them. Everyone except Kathy, Cheryl, George and Ken are slaughtered.George and Ken decide to use the ventilation shafts as well, but before anyone can enter, Kathy begins to transform into a demon as well -- she had swallowed some demon blood during the escape from the balcony. When Ken beats her with the air conditioning grate, a new demon bursts from her back and rakes him across the chest. George is forced to kill him with a prop sword from the lobby. He then rides a fully gassed up motorcycle, another prop in the lobby, to ride through the theater and hack to bits most of the demons, including the four punks.Then a helicopter crashes through the ceiling. George uses its propeller to kill the rest of the demons and then its winch and grappling hook to access the theater's roof. There the metal mask man attacks them, but George is able to kill him by stabbing him in the eye with a piece of rebar. George and Cheryl make it to the street only to learn the demonic infection has spread into the city, which now resembles a war zone. They are picked up by a man and his children, who have apparently stockpiled weapons for just such an event. As they drive out of the city, Cheryl transforms into a demon, having been infected at some point in the theater. The man's young son quickly guns her down, and they leave her body in the road.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  sadist, 

title: Wishmaster
synopsis: The narrator, Angus Scrimm, in his only words in the film, introduces the audience to the creatures called djinn*** ***(which are actually mohammedian efreets; correction should concern every following mistake). with the following statement:Once, in a time before time, God breathed life into the universe. And the light gave birth to Angels. And the earth gave birth to Man. And the fire gave birth to the Djinn, creatures condemned to dwell in the void between the worlds. One who wakes a Djinn shall be given three wishes. Upon the granting of the third, the unholy legions of the Djinn shall be freed to rule the earth. Fear one thing in all there is...fear the Djinn.
The next scene is set in Persia during the year 1127 A.D. with the Djinn asking a Persian emperor to make his second wish. The emperor asks the Djinn to show him wonders. The Djinn uses his powers to torture and mutilate people in the palace. Before the emperor can make his third wish, Zoroaster, a sorcerer (Ari Barak), interrupts and states that upon the third wish granted to the one who woke the Djinn, a gateway will open between the worlds and the evil race of Djinn can live on earth. The sorcerer then reveals a fire opal. The Djinn is sucked into the jewel, where he remains captured.In present day America Raymond Beaumont (Robert Englund) is supervising workers as they lower a box containing an antique statue of Ahura Mazda onto a ship's deck. The worker who is lowering the crate is drinking on the job and accidentally drops it from his crane, killing Beaumont's assistant (Ted Raimi) and destroying the statue. It breaks open and a dockworker finds the fire opal inside which he steals and pawns. The jewel ends up at Regal Auctioneers, where boss Nick Merritt (Chris Lemmon) gives it to appraiser Alexandra Amberson to examine. Her examinations of the jewel wake the Djinn.Thinking she saw something inside the jewel, Alexandra takes it to her labworker best friend and potential love interest, Josh Aickman (Tony Crane) to analyze. Later, as he is collecting data, light reflections cause the gem to explode and the Djinn is released. The lab is destroyed and Josh is killed, upon his wish for relief from his physical pain.Alex, thinking the gem has something to do with the explosion and subsequent death of Josh, tracks down Beaumont, to whom the statue belonged. Beaumont tells Alex to visit a folklore professor named Wendy Derleth (Jenny O'Hara) to find out more about Ahura Mazda and the gem. He also invites Alex and her sister, Shannon (Wendy Benson) to a party he is hosting.The folklore professor tells Alex about the jewel, the Djinn, and its evil history. Later, Alex learns that the Djinn needs to power the gem with the soul of humans, and then grant her three wishes before he can unleash the Djinn on Earth. During this time, the Djinn, who had been in demonic form removes the face of a corpse in the morgue, taking on the dead man's form and the name Nathaniel Demerest. The Djinn, now as Nathaniel, goes about granting people wishes in return for their souls while he searches for Alex. He finally tracks down Alex's boss and grants him a greed-inflicted wish so that he can get Alex's address.Alex is haunted by visions whenever the Djinn grants a wish. She goes to Wendy's house to consult with her again, but Nathaniel has already killed her and taken her form. During their conversation, Alex realizes she is really talking to the Djinn. He confronts her and asks her to make three wishes. He even gives her a test wish. She uses this wish and orders the Djinn to kill itself. He complies by blowing his head off with a gun, yet the wound heals instantly; as the Djinn is immortal, he cannot be killed. Alex then uses the first of the official three wishes: Her first being to know her opponent, the Djinn. He teleports her to his terrifying world within the gem, thus demonstrating his true nature to her. Next, she wishes herself back to her apartment, alone. The Djinn had been threatening Alex's sister, so Alex sets about finding Shannon. She races to Beaumont's party and Nathaniel follows. While talking to Nathaniel at the party, Beaumont makes the mistake of wishing his party would be unforgettable, and Nathaniel begins wreaking havoc by causing the art pieces to kill the guests.The Djinn finally corners Alex and traps Shannon, trying to scare Alex into making the ultimate third wish. Alex wishes that the dockworker had not been drinking on the job two days ago undoing the events that followed (and presumably reviving the Djinn's victims back to life) and trapping the Djinn in the opal. The dock scene is shown again and the now sober operator has no trouble lowering the crate containing Ahura Mazda. Alex goes to see Josh at the lab. He notices that Alex is strangely pleased with herself, but she will not say why.Back on the statue of Ahura Mazda, which is now in Beaumont's private collection, the camera zooms inside the jewel and shows us the Djinn on a throne, waiting to be released.
tags: cult,  horror,  violence, 

title: Repulsion
synopsis: Carol Ledoux (Catherine Deneuve), a Belgian manicurist, lives in Kensington, London, with her older sister Helen (Yvonne Furneaux). Carol practically sleepwalks through her days, and interacts awkwardly with men. A would-be suitor, Colin (John Fraser), is flummoxed by her behaviour and she rebuffs his advances, disgusted by them.
She hides her head in her pillow against her sister's cries of sexual pleasure with her lover, Michael (Ian Hendry). When Helen leaves on a holiday to Italy with Michael, Carol appears even more distracted at work, gets sent home, stays in the apartment, leaves a raw, skinned rabbit out to rot, and begins to hallucinate, first seeing the walls cracking, a man breaking in and molesting her, then hands reaching out to grab and attack her. Colin breaks into her apartment when she refuses to acknowledge his adoration and he apologizes for his transgression. When he says he wants to be with [her] all the time, she bludgeons him to death with a candlestick, dumps the body into the overflowing bathtub, and nails the broken door shut.
Later, the imperious landlord (Patrick Wymark) breaks in, looking for the late rent payment. Carol pays him and sits on the sofa, staring into space. He remarks on the decaying state of the apartment, and attempts to ingratiate himself by bringing her a glass of water as he leers at her in her nightgown. When he first propositions her, then sexually assaults her, she gets away. But he comes at her again and she slashes him to death with a straight razor.
When Helen and Michael return, they discover the dead bodies. Michael runs for help. Helen, distraught, finds Carol hiding under the bed in a catatonic state. Neighbors arrive – curious, concerned and shocked. Michael returns and carries Carol out, staring creepily at her wide-open eye, face and body. A family photograph on the floor shows Carol as a girl, turned towards an adult male figure in the photograph with a look of loathing.
tags: psychological,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  insanity,  psychedelic,  claustrophobic, 

title: Bathory
synopsis: The film is based on the story of Erzsébet Bathory, a Hungarian countess in the 16th and 17th centuries. Her story takes place in a part of the Kingdom of Hungary that is now Slovakia. In this retelling, the Countess is a healer who conducts medical experiments and rudimentary autopsies in a hospital beneath her castle. She forms a relationship with a reputed witch, Darvulia, who saves her from poisoning. The witch promises Erzsebet a son and eternal beauty. In return, Erzsebet must sacrifice both love and her reputation. Darvulia becomes Erzsebet's companion. Meanwhile, maidens in the area have been dying of seemingly unrelated causes, and Erzsebet is seen bathing in a large tub of red liquid as the girls' now-mutilated corpses are buried nearby. Two monks later conclude that the water is not blood but is simply colored red by herbs.
After her husband Ferenc Nádasdy's death, Erzsébet quarrels with her scheming friend György Thurzó, who tries to proposition her at her husband's funeral. Thurzo's lover, who is gifted with herbs, offers to help him get revenge for the rejection. Soon afterward, Erzsebet begins to have surreal visions and episodes. In one of these, she stabs a woman to death with scissors. Afterwards, she confesses to Darvulia that she can no longer tell dreams from reality. Darvulia discovers that someone has been placing hallucinogenic mushrooms in Erzsébet's drinks; Erzsébet cannot remember clearly and believes Darvulia responsible. She has the woman thrown out. Thurzó and his wife then capture Darvulia and torture her, cutting out her tongue. Before she dies, she writes Thurzó's name in blood on her cell wall. Erzsébet swears vengeance on him.
Thurzó enlists Erzsébet's sons-in-law and other allies to prosecute her for witchcraft. When their plans repeatedly fail, they nonetheless capture the Countess and torture members of her household to try to obtain incriminating information. The servants are then executed for their alleged crimes, and Erzsébet is imprisoned. Despairing over her separation from her son, she lies on her bed and begins to sing a hymn; the flames from her candles rise and engulf her in flames. Upon hearing of her death, Thurzo concedes that she has once again made the move he least expected, as when they once played chess together, and admits that he has always loved her.
tags: boring,  murder,  violence,  horror,  magical realism,  psychedelic,  romantic,  historical, 

title: The Gallows
synopsis: In October 1993, there is a high school performance of The Gallows. The parents of Charlie Grimille record the play and admire their son's performance. Near the end of the play, Charlie's character is set to be hung at the gallows. Tragedy strikes when the door beneath Charlie's feet opens and he falls through with a noose around his neck, effectively hanging and killing him in front of his co-stars and the entire audience.In the present, 20 years later, a student at the same high school, Ryan (Ryan Shoos) tapes his friend (and the events of the film) Reese Houser (Reese Mishler) as he is in a production of The Gallows playing the same character Charlie played. Reese acts alongside his crush Pfeifer (Pfeifer Brown), but he never gets to kiss her during their big scene together. Ryan follows Reese and mocks the play while also recording several parents watching the rehearsals. Ryan speaks to a woman who was there during the original performance and witnessed Charlie's death.During the day, Ryan continues to mess around with the theater crew and also to hang out with his girlfriend Cassidy (Cassidy Gifford). Ryan finds out about Reese's crush on Pfeifer and decides to play wingman, so he finds Pfeifer and asks her how she feels about Reese and doing the play with him. She dances around the questions and expresses confidence in the play. As Ryan leaves her, he finds a door that never locks. This gives him an idea that he pitches to Reese and Cassidy in which they will sneak in at night and sabotage the play's set. Ryan knows Reese doesn't want to do the show for any reason other than to impress Pfeifer, so he coerces Reese into doing it so he can later console Pfeifer when she's devastated to see the set ruined.Ryan goes to Reese's house where he's arguing with his dad Rick (John Tanksly) over Reese doing the play. Reese takes Ryan and Cassidy to the school to set off their plan. They knock over some set trees and smash a few things before unscrewing the stairs leading to the gallows. Pfeifer shows up after claiming to have seen Reese's car. Ryan not-so-discreetly leaves the camera to record Reese trying to tell Pfeifer his reason for being there. As they talk, Ryan hears a loud thump that sounds like a bell tolling. The kids get a bit worried and try to leave, only to discover that the door that doesn't lock has somehow now been locked. They can't call for help because they have no signal. In their frustration, Cassidy blabs to Pfeifer that they were there to destroy the set, making Pfeifer angry with all of them, but especially Reese.The four look for an exit when they come across a room filled with files and other documents. They go into an office with a TV that plays footage featuring news coverage of Charlie's death, including the actual incident as well as an interview with Charlie's girlfriend Alexis Ross, the same woman that Ryan spoke to earlier that day. A cast photo is shown of the original cast, and they learn that Charlie was the understudy for the real actor that called in sick. Reese recognizes the person in the photo and runs all the way to the school's memorial of the play to find the same photo. They look on the back of the photo to see the name Rick Houser, meaning it was Reese's dad that Charlie replaced.Ryan gets separated from the others and we see some footage through his phone. He gets spooked by more loud noises and runs to rejoin his friends. An invisible force pulls Cassidy up by the neck and leaves a mark around it, convincing everyone that there is something unfriendly amongst them.They then go back to the auditorium to spot a vent through which they can crawl. As the noises intensify, Ryan gets frustrated and starts taunting the presence by constantly saying Charlie's name, which has always been bad luck to utter. Ryan climbs a ladder to reach the vent, only to get thrown off by a strong force, causing him to break his leg. Reese and Pfeifer go look for help while Cassidy stays with him. Moments later, Reese and Pfeifer find Cassidy outside the auditorium, unable to re-enter. They hear Ryan yelling until a loud snap is heard. The door opens and the kids can't find Ryan. They find his phone with the screen cracked.We see the last bit of footage from Ryan's phone, showing his messed up leg while Cassidy is with him. She steps out to call the others when the door slams shut. Ryan panics and momentarily sees a figure dressed as the Hangman from the play, holding a noose. Ryan tries crawling away and doesn't see the figure anymore. Seconds later, he is pulled up by his neck.Reese holds the camera to try and keep the light on. While continuing to find a way out, Reese walks through the locker room and hears his phone ringing. It's been placed in a locker, but he sees it's his dad calling. Reese smashes the lock and gets the phone. He tries talking to his dad but only hears static, and then his own voice saying, He wants me. He's coming for me.Outside, Cassidy cries by herself, unaware that the Hangman is walking behind her. She grabs the camera and looks at the mark on her neck, which has gotten more bruised. She then sees a noose around her neck, and she is pulled away quickly.Reese and Pfeifer pull the fire alarm to try and get the authorities to respond. It goes off but also alerts the Hangman to their presence. He follows them through the auditorium as they make their way to the top of the auditorium, with him nearly grabbing Reese. Up there, they find Ryan and Cassidy's bodies still hanging. They keep running until they see the unlockable door is now re-opened, but no authorities are there. Reese runs outside, but Pfeifer doesn't follow him. Reese makes it outside but hears Pfeifer gasping for air. He runs back in for her and sees her choking onstage. As he tries to help her, the spotlight hits them. Realizing what the spirit wants them to do, they act out their final scene in the play, in which the dialogue parallels their actual thoughts and words, since Reese knows it's him that the Hangman/Charlie wants. Reese finally kisses Pfeifer and walks over to the now-illuminated gallows. He puts the noose around his neck while Pfeifer continues to recite her lines in character. Charlie's spirit tightens the noose around Reese and pulls the lever, hanging Reese. Pfeifer stands onstage and joins hands with Charlie's invisible spirit. Together, they take a bow, while one person in the auditorium starts clapping.... Alexis Ross.The in the final scene, two policemen are entering Pfeifer's home. There's pictures on the wall of Pfeifer and Alexis together. Putting the pieces together, it becomes clear that Pfeifer is Charlie's daughter born after his death. One officer enters the bedroom where footage of the original play is being shown. He looks to the side and is startled to see Alexis brushing Pfeifer's hair. He sees Charlie's death on TV and asks, Charlie Grimille? The two ladies look at him with soulless eyes, and Pfeifer responds, You really shouldn't say that name. The officer looks out the room to see a noose pull his partner against the wall. He turns around to find Charlie, who promptly attacks him.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  flashback,  revenge,  prank, 

title: Shutter Island
synopsis: U.S. Marshals Teddy Daniels (Leonardo DiCaprio) and Chuck Aule (Mark Ruffalo) are on a ferryboat in foggy Boston Harbour headed towards Shutter Island, an island containing a federal mental hospital for the criminally insane. They are going to the island because a woman patient named Rachel escaped the day before. Teddy is very ill, sweating and throwing up in the toilet, telling himself to get it together, it's just water. Then he looks out the window and says it's a LOT of water. He goes up on deck to talk to Chuck, and it's apparent that they are new partners working for the first time together. During their conversation it is revealed that Teddy's wife died in an apartment fire several years before. Chuck is sorry he brought it up. He refers to Teddy as boss all the way through the movie, and at one point mentions that Teddy is a legend, so we know that Teddy is well known through the Marshal Service and that he is Chuck's superior.They get to the island, and the ferry captain mentions that there is a big storm coming. Teddy and Chuck meet the deputy warden, McPherson, who takes them into the mental hospital grounds. There are high walls that make it look like a prison, and electrified wire on the perimeter, but the actual buildings and grounds look almost like a college campus. There is the A building, housing the male patients, B building for the women patients, and C building which is situated on the highest point of the island and we are told it was a civil war fortress. It houses the most dangerous patients and the marshals are told that under no circumstances are they to go there on their own without McPherson and Dr. Cawley (Ben Kingsley) accompanying them. There is a brief argument when deputy warden McPherson requires them to give up their firearms. Teddy says that they are federal agents, but McPherson tells them that federal penitentiary law overrides that and says that they won't get through the gates with their weapons. They reluctantly give them up, with Chuck rather clumsily removing his holster from his pants, which gets him a look from McPherson and Teddy.They meet Dr. Cawley, who explains a bit about the facility and psychiatry. Dr. Cawley says that there is a war going on in psychiatry, with one faction who believes in surgical techniques like lobotomies to treat patients, where another side says that the new psychotropic drugs are the way to treat people. He believes that sometimes just listening to a patient and quietly making their life comfortable is the way to go. Teddy still has a splitting headache from the ferry trip, and the doctor gives him some water and some pills that he says are aspirin. He explains that Rachel, a patient, has escaped the night before but says that it's impossible because she seems to have simply vanished through the walls. She is at Shutter Island because she drowned three of her children one by one, and then pretended that they had never died. In fact, she believes that she is still at her home at the hospital, and all of the staff and other inmates are merely neighbours or deliverymen that she encounters in her daily life. She refuses to accept that she has killed anyone, or even that her children are dead.They tour the rest of the island, where officers are looking for the escaped Rachel. There is a lighthouse on the other side of the island that is gated off and there are armed guards, which makes Teddy a little suspicious.Teddy makes it clear that his job is to interview staff and patients. He says he needs the personnel records of the staff, but the doctor kind of blows that off. They go to the patient living quarters and interview staff about the night that Rachel left. In her cell, there is a loose floorboard and a handwritten note from her, saying The law of 4. Who is 67?. The staff are less than helpful at the meeting that Teddy and Chuck have to ask about her, but do note that she had attended group therapy right before she went to her room and disappeared. During the meeting, it is revealed that she has a staff physician who conducted the meeting, a Dr. Shaheen. When Teddy asks where he is, Dr. Cawley says he just left that morning on the ferry to go on a long planned vacation. Teddy is incredulous that a dangerous mental patient has just escaped, there's a lockdown, and her doctor is allowed to just go on vacation. Things definitely look suspicious at this point.There are a series of dream sequences interspersed, flashbacks about Teddy's time in WWII as a soldier, and Teddy often has internal conversations with himself in which his dead wife, Dolores (Michelle Williams), talks to him and gives him advice. In one flashback, Teddy's unit is the first to liberate the Dachau concentration camp. There are many dead Jews. Teddy is especially moved by a dead woman and her dead daughter in her arms in the middle of a pile of dead bodies. Teddy remembers watching the German Camp Commander attempt suicide by shooting himself, but he only wounds himself, shooting himself in the side of his face. The German tries to reach his gun to finish the job, but Teddy slowly slides the gun away with his foot just out of reach of the German, watching him suffer before he bleeds to death. In other dreams, his wife discovering that he has a lot of empty bottles of alcohol that he has hidden around the house. He explains that the things he saw while in Germany are the reason why he drinks so much.After the meeting with staff, Dr. Cawley has Teddy and Chuck over to his mansion on the island to have a cigar and something to drink. When they arrive, there is a Dr. Naehring (Max von Sydow) in the den, and he seems to be Dr. Cawley's superior. Teddy takes an instant dislike to him when he notices a faint German accent, and the two verbally spar for a little bit. Dr. Naehring is amused, commenting on Teddy's remarkable defence mechanisms. Dr. Naehring calls Teddy and Chuck men of violence, which offends Chuck. But the doctor says he doesn't mean that they are violent men, only that they are men who have seen violence and don't shy away from it if necessary. He correctly surmises that they were both in the army during WWII, and that they weren't raised to run away from violence. Teddy gets angry when they say that they've consulted the board of directors who have refused to release the staff's personnel records, angry enough that Teddy breaks a glass, threatens to end the investigation in the morning and turn his findings over to the FBI, and storms off in a huff.The next day, the storm has hit the island and it is clear the ferry will not arrive. Teddy was only bluffing the night before as he has no intention of leaving without investigating the island some more. Teddy and Chuck have several interviews with the patients who were in the group therapy session with Rachel. They are unhelpful and all seem to be following a script because they say very similar things in their interviews. In one interview, a woman asks Chuck for a glass of water and when he leaves, she grabs Teddy's notebook and writes something very quickly and gives it back to him.He and Chuck leave the hospital grounds and explore the island, ending up at the cemetery. The wind and rain are picking up and they find sanctuary in a cemetery vault. Chuck asks Teddy to level with him; he suspects that the last patient told him something while he was getting her water, and Teddy finally shows him the notebook, and it says RUN. Teddy finally explains that he was trying to get assigned to an investigation of the mental hospital for some time. He says that a man named Laeddis was a maintenance worker at the apartment they lived in and he was the arsonist who set the fire that killed his wife. He got off on a technicality, but later was caught when he killed some other people. He was sent to the mental hospital here. But when Teddy looked into it, there was no paperwork at all for Laeddis, and he suspects that there is some greater conspiracy going on. He mentions the Nazi experiments and wonders if his own government is involved in psychotropic drug research as well. He tells Chuck that he came across a prisoner by the name of George Noyce who was actually sent here some time before and he was the one who clued Teddy in that there was some crazy research going on here.Chuck suddenly gets paranoid that maybe in all of Teddy's poking around he alerted the wrong people to his interest in Shutter Island and that maybe they arranged the disappearance of Rachel as an excuse to draw him here as a Marshal to investigate where they could make both of them disappear. Teddy is not sure that's possible, but Chuck is pretty convincing and suddenly, the door busts in and there is a car spotlight on them from dep. Warden McPherson's car. Hes been looking for them and they get in and he takes them back to the hospital. They change out of their wet business suits, and the orderly gives them the staff white uniforms that almost make them look like patients, and he tells them that it will take a day or two to get their suits back. They don't like the whites but take them anyway. The orderly says their cigarettes were ruined (they both smoke a lot), but he gives them two new packs of cigs.They meet in Dr. Cawley's office again. They argue briefly about the investigation, and suddenly Teddy gets ill again, a migraine. He thinks he'll be okay, but then he starts to fall and Chuck catches him. The doctor gives him a couple of pills, but Teddy doesn't want to take them. Hes really sick, though, and the doctor almost insists that he take them, and he does. Chuck helps him down to the basement with all the rest of the staff to wait out the hurricane like storm. Just before he dozes off, he sees a sinister looking guy, who an orderly says is the warden (Ted Levine, the killer from Silence of the Lambs). The warden kind of sneers at Teddy right before Teddy falls asleep.Teddy has another dream sequence with his wife, who tells him that Rachel is on the island, and that he needs to help her. In a dream, Teddy is in Dr. Cawley's den, and Laeddis (Elias Koteas) in his chair by the fire. Laeddis has a really nasty scar running from his right eye down to the left side of his chin, and his left eye is milky white.The next day is kind of chaotic. The backup generators fail, and all of the patients' cell doors were therefore opened. Trees are fallen all over the hospital campus with staff and officers trying to clean up as well as gather up all of the wandering patients. Teddy and Chuck use this as an opportunity to go up to C building while no one is really paying attention to them. The place is really dark inside and they wander around. A patient runs from them and they give chase. Chuck falls behind and the patient grabs Teddy from behind and is choking him. Teddy gets away and beats the crap out of him until Chuck pulls him off. A guard chews out Teddy and has Chuck help him take the patient to the medical centre, telling Teddy to take a walk and cool off.Teddy wanders around and finds a row of cells where a prisoner is sitting by himself and saying the name Laeddis. When Teddy demands the prisoner look at him, he realizes it is George Noyce, the guy who was a former patient here who told him about what was going on at Shutter Island. Noyce's face is badly beaten. Teddy can't believe he is back here and Noyce is yelling at him that its all about Laeddis, isn't it? He tells Teddy that the only way he can save Noyce is to forget his wife and Laeddis and focus on what is going on here. Teddy looks guilty when Noyce tells him it is his fault that Noyce is back here because he kept inquiring about Laeddis. Teddy promises that he'll get Noyce out of there. Noyce tells him that Laeddis is no longer in C building, but that they have taken him to the lighthouse, where they are planning to do a lobotomy on him. He says that the lighthouse is where they do a lot of their experiments on people who are troublemakers. Noyce questions him about Noyce, implying that he is a plant by the government to follow Teddy. He asks him whether hes ever worked with Chuck before, and we know that they haven't because they let us know that in the beginning.Teddy finally catches up with Chuck and they head towards the office. Dr. Cawley says they found Rachel (Emily Mortimer). They go to her cell and there is a weird scene where Teddy tries to talk to her and she ultimately thinks he is her dead husband and starts yelling at him.At some point, Teddy's dream sequences now include Rachel as the woman with her daughter in the pile of bodies at Dachau. And this time they open their eyes and look at him. The girl asks him why he didn't save her. He says he tried but they (the soldiers) just didnt get there in time. In another scene, Rachel is all bloody but she is at Teddy and his wife's vacation cottage. They go outside and Teddy sees the little girl and picks her up and carries her to the water. The little girl asks him again why he didn't save her and he looks sad.Teddy and Chuck leave and Chuck says he found Laeddis's file but there was only his commitment paper in the file which he tries to show Teddy but he wont look at it now because he is intent on reaching the lighthouse. Teddy is acting suspicious of Chuck when he tries to talk him out of going to the lighthouse. They arrive at the cliffs over the ocean and realize they are too far south of the lighthouse. Teddy says he is going to go around and try to get there a different way. Again Chuck tries to talk him out of it because it's dangerous to scale the cliffs when it will be dark soon. They argue some more and Teddy tells him he is going by himself. Teddy gets near the lighthouse but finds that it is late enough in the day that the tide has cut off the lighthouse from the island. He gives up and goes back to where Chuck is to tell him they'll try later. But all he sees is a burning cigarette on the edge of the cliff (it's about a hundred feet down to the rocks below). He looks over and sees Chuck at the bottom of the cliff with waves crashing over him.Shocked, Teddy climbs down the cliff but doesn't see Chuck at the bottom. He sees a cave in the side of the cliff with a fire burning inside. When he reaches the cave, he sees a woman armed with a knife. They begin talking and she says she is Rachel (Patricia Clarkson), but that she was a doctor at the hospital who found out too much and they committed her and concocted a story that she killed her kids. The other Rachel must be an imposter they used to fool Teddy and Chuck. She says there is a secret government program to test a number of new drugs on the patients to make them sort of super spies or soldiers who don't feel pain and don't have memories that can be tortured out of them if they are captured. She then warns Teddy that they will not let him leave. They will concoct a story that he went crazy. She asks him if he had a serious trauma (his wife dying), and says that they will use that to say that he cracked. She asks him if he has taken any medication (he has; the aspirin for his headaches). She asks if he's eaten at the hospital, or smoked any of their cigarettes (the orderly gave him a new pack when his clothes were all wet). She says that it takes 36-48 hours for psychotropic drugs to take effect and make him pliable for them to control. The first sign will be tremors in his hands, which he already has. She also questions whether Chuck is even a Marshal, that he is probably a government agent sent to go with him to the island.When Teddy gets back to the road, he sees a jeep pull up with the warden. The warden takes him back to the facility and they have a really weird conversation about being men of violence. The warden tells him that men like them know how to use violence and use it well. He asks Teddy if he were to reach over and try to bite his eye out, would Teddy be able to stop him. Teddy says why don't you try and well find out?. The warden smiles and says that's the Teddy he was expecting.Teddy leaves to confront Dr. Cawley. Dr. Cawley wonders where Teddy has been. Teddy says he'll be leaving and he asks if the doctor has seen Chuck, his partner. Dr. Cawley says he came to the island alone, there was no partner. Teddy realizes that they are already starting to put their plan in action by insisting there was no Chuck. He leaves and walks around the grounds, trying to decide what to do next. He sees his wife, who tells him to leave the island and don't go to the lighthouse. She says the lighthouse will destroy him.He decides to blow up Dr. Cawley's car to create a diversion so he can sneak down to the lighthouse. He uses his tie from his suit, soaks it with gas from the gas tank, and lights it. As he moves away from the car, he sees his wife and the little girl in front of the car. It explodes around them but they aren't burned at all. He runs out of there to make it to the lighthouse. He swims over to it, and sneaks up behind a guard and overpowers him and takes his rifle. The guard asks him if he is going to kill him and he says no, but hits him with the rifle butt and knocks him out. He runs up the stairs of the lighthouse to the top, checking each room but finding no operating rooms for surgical experiments.He gets to the top and finds Dr. Cawley, sitting behind a desk. Teddy holds the rifle on him while he is talking. The doctor tells him there are no bullets in the rifle, and asks him if he killed the guard below. Teddy says no, but the doctor calls down anyway to tell the people below to attend to the guard before they come up. Teddy sees his gun from the beginning of the movie on the doctors desk.Dr. Cawley tells Teddy that he is a patient at the hospital, and has been for two years. Teddy doesn't believe him, and says that he is a U.S. Marshal. The doctor says he was one, but after his breakdown two years ago he was sent here. He broke down when his kids were killed. Teddy says he doesn't have any kids. Dr. Cawley says they have been trying to use the new drug therapy to help him and have been trying to do everything they could to treat him. Dr. Cawley tells him that he has been one of the most dangerous patients they have had and that there are some who want to lobotomize him to make him manageable. The whole last couple of days were an attempt to do a massive role-play to get him to finally realize the truth. He calls in Dr. Sheehan, the doctor from the beginning that went on vacation right after his patient Rachel disappeared. The door opens and it is .Chuck! He is a psychiatrist who agreed to play along with Teddy's fantasy and to keep tabs on him. Dr. Cawley tells Teddy that his real name is Laeddis, and he shows him on a chalkboard that his full name and Laeddis's are an anagram; that is, all the letters in his name can be rearranged to spell Laeddis's full name. The same thing with his wife's name and Rachel's. Teddy constructed the new name Teddy Daniels to create distance from his real name.The doctor points out that Noyce was a fellow patient who Teddy attacked a few days before, and that was why he was all beaten up looking. Teddy denies this, but the doctor shows him the transcript of what Noyce said to him in the cell earlier, where he said this was all Teddy's fault. He tells Teddy that the reason why he beat up Noyce was that Noyce called him by his real name.Teddy grabs his gun off the table and shoots Dr. Cawley, whose blood splashes against the wall. The next second, there is no blood. Dr. Cawley tells him that his gun was a toy gun they gave him when they began the role-play.He tells Teddy that he has completely erased everything he did wrong in an attempt to make himself be the hero. We finally see a flashback where Teddy/Laeddis comes home to his cottage from a week or two of chasing bad guys in Oklahoma. His wife (Michelle Williams) is acting strangely. He asks where the kids are and she says they are in school. He says it's Saturday, and she smiles and says, they're in HER school and looks towards the lake. Horrified, Teddy runs down to the lake and sees his three children face down in the lake. He scoops them all up, crying uncontrollably and places them on the ground. Then his wife hugs him and says they should put the kids at the dining room table and have dinner. Teddy is crying and says if she ever loved him, please stop talking. She is sad now and says she loves him and then there is a shot. Teddy looks down and realizes that he just shot his wife. She is laying there with a lot of blood on her and then she dies.Teddy now realizes that he has a choice between accepting his truth or continuing to deny it. The doctor makes it clear that if he can't accept the truth, then Dr. Cawley won't be able to stop the other doctors from ordering that he be lobotomized. He makes Teddy admit that he blamed himself for not realizing earlier that his wife was having trouble. That he feels responsible for killing his kids because he didn't get her help when she needed it. He created a fantasy world where he never killed his wife, and he never had a breakdown.The next day, he and Chuck (Dr. Shaheen), are sitting on some steps by the hospital grounds. He asks Chuck what their next move is (as if he still believes he is investigating the hospital as a U.S. Marshal), and Chuck says, what do you think, boss? Chuck nods to the other doctors across the grounds who then direct some orderlies to move towards Teddy. Teddy asks Chuck whether it's better to live as a monster or die a good man. He stands up and willingly goes with the orderlies, as he would rather choose to continue his fantasy than accept the horrors of his reality.Alternatively, he has accepted his reality, but still cannot live with the horrors of it. So now at the end of the film he is actually acting out the fantasy, rather than living it. Effectively, he is cured. However, he still can't live with his memories so he knowingly forces the doctors to take the decision for physical intervention, ie the lobotomy, knowing he will no longer have to live with his memories as a compliant 'zombie'..Thus ending his life as a good man.(As contrary in the Book,where the author ended the book with him still as Teddy)
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  neo noir,  psychological,  boring,  thought-provoking,  cult,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  atmospheric,  insanity,  psychedelic,  action,  clever,  philosophical,  mystery,  brainwashing,  revenge, 

title: Jason Lives: Friday the 13th Part VI
synopsis: A year has passed since the events of the previous film, and Crystal Lake has been renamed to Forest Green. Tommy Jarvis, still suffering from hallucinations ever since his past encounter with Jason Voorhees, returns with his friend Allen Hawes, hoping to cremate Jason's body and therefore stop his hallucinations. At the cemetery, they dig up Jason's corpse, but seeing it causes Tommy to snap, and he stabs Jason's body with a metal fence post. As he turns his back on Jason, two lightning bolts strike the post and revive Jason, who kills Hawes.
Tommy makes his way to the sheriff's office, where he panics and attempts to grab weapons, but is caught and arrested. His warning that Jason has returned goes unheeded by Sheriff Mike Garris, who is aware of Tommy's mental problems and thinks he is imagining Jason. On the road, camp counselors Darren and Lizbeth get lost looking for the camp and run into Jason, who impales them both with the metal rod that resurrected him. The next morning, Garris' daughter Megan and her friends Sissy, Cort, and Lizbeth's sister Paula ask him to search for Darren and Lizbeth. Tommy warns them about Jason, but as he is now considered an urban legend, they ignore the warnings, though Megan becomes attracted to him. In the woods, Jason happens upon a corporate paintball game; he kills the players for their equipment. During these kills, Jason discovers that he is far stronger than before when he rips off a man's arm without actually meaning to.
At Camp Forest Green, the children arrive, and the teens do their best to run the camp without Darren and Lizbeth. Meanwhile, Garris decides to escort Tommy out of his jurisdiction due to his influence on Megan. Tommy tries to make a run for Jason's grave, but finds that the caretaker had covered it up to deny responsibility for it being dug up, and Hawes' body is buried in its place. Tommy is then escorted out of town. That night, Jason murders the caretaker and a nearby couple who witness the murder. Meanwhile, Cort goes out to have sex with a girl named Nikki, but both are killed by Jason. The sheriff's men find the victims' bodies and Garris immediately implicates Tommy in the murders, believing he has gone insane imagining Jason.
Tommy contacts Megan and convinces her to help him lure Jason back into Crystal Lake. Meanwhile, Jason makes his way to the camp and kills Sissy, then Paula. Meanwhile, Tommy and Megan are pulled over by Garris. Despite Megan's alibi that she was with Tommy, he does not believe him to be innocent and arrests him, then goes to the camp to investigate. As Tommy and Megan develop a ruse to trick the watching deputy and escape, Jason kills Garris and two other deputies when they arrive at the camp.
Jason is about to kill Megan when Tommy calls to him from the lake; apparently remembering his killer, he goes after him instead. Tommy is attacked in a boat in the middle of the lake and ties a boulder around Jason's neck to trap him. Jason fights back, holding Tommy underwater long enough to drown him. Megan rushes out to save him but is nearly killed when Jason grabs her leg; she turns the boat's activated motor around onto Jason's neck, and he releases her. She takes Tommy back to shore and uses CPR to revive him. Tommy says that it is finally over and Jason is home. Under the water, anchored to the bottom of the lake, Jason stares off into the water, awaiting an opportunity to return.
tags: gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  insanity,  entertaining, 

title: Eden Lake
synopsis: Nursery school teacher Jenny (Kelly Reilly) and her boyfriend Steve (Michael Fassbender) escape for a romantic weekend at an idyllic remote lake somewhere in the green English countryside. They meet a young boy along the way who is reluctant to talk to them. When they arrive at beach they attempt to have a relaxing day, but a group of teenage delinquents and their dog appear. Steve stubbornly decides that he would much rather stay put, enduring their loud music and obnoxious dog, than be bullied by them into leaving.They stay overnight in a tent, and in the morning discover that their food has been infested with insects. Hungry, they return to the car to find someplace to eat, but unfortunately, they run over an empty bottle the hooligans left behind. Steve luckily manages to fix the tire, and they set off for the town. While in town, Steve sees the unruly teens riding around on their bicycles, and angrily follows them. Unable to keep track of them, Steve finally gives up, and they go looking for some breakfast. In they diner they settle for, Steve asks the waitress if she has seen the kids riding around on bikes. The waitress jokingly asks if they have been terrorising Steve and Jenny. Steve laughs, and states they have only been hassling them, and continues by saying that he wanted to inform their parents they had punctured his tyre. The waitress then becomes strangely defensive, saying Not my kids.When they leave, though, he catches sight of a group of bicycles sprawled out on the front lawn of a house, and stops the car. Jenny pleads for him to stay, but Steve determinedly gets out. After receiving no answer to his calls at the front door, Steve enters the house, but almost gets caught by the owner - the father of one of the teenagers - who returns. Steve manages narrowly to escape out of the window, and he and Jenny hastily head back to the lake.Once back, Steve goes scuba diving whilst Jenny sleeps on the beach, but when Steve returns they realize the beach bag, containing the car keys and Steve's phone and wallet, has gone missing. Hurriedly, they go to check on the car, and much to their dismay, see that it is gone as well. Making their way back to town on foot, they narrowly avoid being hit by the car as the gang drives it wildly through the woods, stopping only for Brett (Jack O'Connell) - the leader - to smirk at the couple.Later at nightfall, Steve and Jenny come across the gang in the woods. Steve, against Jenny's will, confronts them. He demands the car keys and his possessions back, but Brett denies any knowledge of stealing their camping equipment or their car. Unfortunately for him, the phone goes off in his pocket, prompting a scuffle, during which one of the boys produces a knife. Steve manages to grab the knife, but in the confusion ends up stabbing - fatally - Brett's dog. Brett evidently saddened by his dog's death, throws the car keys to the ground and tells them to leave. Steve and Jenny manage to find the car and start driving away, but get stuck on a steep slope. Meanwhile, Brett has decided he wants retribution after all, and the gang catch up with them and start throwing rocks at the car, breaking the windshield and smashing the headlights. Terrified, Steve and Jenny luckily manage to get the car moving again, but with the headlights out, Steve ends up crashing the car. Finding himself trapped by a tree branch which has come through the windscreen, he tells Jenny to run and to try to find help. Jenny escapes and finds somewhere to hide, where she spends the night.The next morning she cautiously returns to the car but finds Steve gone. Following a trail of blood, she comes across the gang in a small clearing, with Steve tied up with barbed wire. She watches in horror as the boys - goaded by Brett - take turns torturing Steve with their knives as Paige (Finn Atkins), the girl of the gang, is told to record the whole thing on her phone. Jenny, realizing they are about to kill him uses the bluetooth on her GPS to connect with Steve's phone. Brett notices this, realizing she must be close and orders the gang after her.Jenny flees, the gang close behind her on their bikes. This gives Steve the opportunity to free himself from the barbed wire, and he also sets off running. Jenny manages to evade the gang, and eventually finds Steve, injured and bleeding heavily. She helps him to a shack where she tries to treat some of his wounds. She finds a wedding ring in Steve's clothing and he tells her he'd planned to propose. The gang turns up and enter the shack but they find nothing as Jenny managed to conceal both herself and Steve underneath the construction in the water. The group leaves, and Jenny pulls Steve out of the water. They decide she should go on alone, leaving Steve concealed under some leaves. Following the power lines Jenny treads on a spike and hides, for fear her screams have alerted the gang to her location. She comes across Adam (James Gandhi), the little boy she and Steve had encountered earlier. She pleads to him for help, but he instead leads her straight to the gang who knock her out.She awakens to find herself and Steve, who has already died, about to be set alight by the gang. Pouring petrol over them, Brett forces Adam to light the fire with a match. Again Brett commands Paige to film the whole scene with her phone. The rest of the gang are noticeably disturbed at this point. The ropes binding Jenny burn through and she escapes. Brett, in his fury, covers Adam in petrol and threatens to set light to him if she does not return. Jenny though, is already too far away, and can only look on in horror as Adam is burnt alive.Eventually she finds a trail map, which she removes to help her escape. Narrowly avoiding Brett and Ricky (Tom Gill) by hiding in a large bin, she arms herself with a shard of glass, but before she can go anywhere she encounters another of the gang; Cooper (Thomas Turgoose). Having evidently realized things have gone too far, Cooper seems as if he is about to offer her his help, but before he can do so, Jenny stabs him with the glass. Although the shock of what she has done immediately strikes her, she can do nothing but hold Cooper as he dies in her arms. Finding the body, Paige screams, bringing Brett running. Another member of the gang confronts him, and begins to call someone on his phone, prompting Brett to beat him savagely. Paige then runs off, terrified by Brett's seemingly uncontrollable brutality.Meanwhile, Jenny finally reaches the road, managing to flag down a van, she gets in, telling the driver she has been attacked. Worried, the driver explains he is looking for his brother, who is also in the forest. His brother 'Ricky'. The driver stops the van and gets out, leaving the keys in the ignition. Jenny, scared that she will be caught again, resolves to steal the van, and speeds off towards town, running over Paige as she does so.She makes it to town, only to crash into the front garden of a house. Making her way around the back of the house, she finds a party in progress, she pleads for help and collapses. Coming to, she finds herself inside the house, with a woman comforting her. As she looks around and listens to the phone call the parents received from their children, she comes to the realization that she is, in fact, in Brett's house and asks to be shown to the toilet. Brett's father at this point notices the van crashed on the lawn. Finding no escape, Jenny arms herself with a razor. As the commotion builds outside, the door is kicked in and she is confronted by psycho Brett and his psycho father, along with the other party-goers, some of them evidently the parents of the other gang members (including the waitress from the café). Jenny realizes that the gang's parents are just as psychotic and murderous as their kids and they hide and protect them from prosecution. Brett's father orders Brett to his room violently as he and another parent push Jenny back into the bathroom. As the film closes, Brett deletes the videos from Paige's phone and looks into his mirror and makes a very evil smile as Jenny's screams ring from downstairs as she is apparently beaten and killed by his and the other evil parents of the evil gang members.
tags: dark,  suspenseful,  depressing,  murder,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: The Thing
synopsis: In the opening shot, an alien spaceship flies through space and enters Earth's atmosphere near Antarctica. Whether or not the ship crashes or lands on Earth is unknown.In Antarctica, the winter months of 1982, a helicopter flies hurriedly after a husky. The man riding next to the pilot shoots a rifle and drops grenades hoping to kill the dog. The runs toward an American research base, Outpost 31, where a 12-man research crew is getting ready for the upcoming winter. The helicopter, which they see is from a Norwegian research base, flies in and lands. The Americans watch puzzled as two men that emerge from the helicopter speak frantically in their native language. One of them pulls the pin on a grenade but clumsily throws it behind him. As he frantically tries to find it in the snow, it explodes, killing him and taking the helicopter with it. The pilot (named Matias in the prequel) is shooting his rifle hysterically and talking frantically; no one can understand what he is saying and the man shoots Bennings (Peter Maloney) in his left leg. The camp leader Garry (Donald Moffat) shoots and kills the gibbering man in defense.Puzzled about why the Norwegians were trying to kill the dog, MacReady (Kurt Russell) the team's helicopter pilot, their doctor, Copper (Richard Dysart) and Norris (Charles Hallahan), go to investigate the Norwegian base. Everyone is dead; one of them had barricaded himself in the radio room and is still sitting frozen in his chair, his wrists and throat slit in an apparent suicide. Mac and Copper explore further, finding a large and empty block of ice. Outside in the snow, along with one or two burned human bodies, Mac and Copper find the burnt and frozen corpse of a twisted creature, not man but not beast, either. They bring it back to their own base for an autopsy, but that muddies up the mystery.That night, the new stray husky is locked in with the sled dogs. The other dogs soon react with fear to the new addition, growling and snarling. The new dog suddenly transforms into a hideous creature with tentacles and crab's legs and starts attacking the other dogs. The scene is discovered by Clark (Richard Masur), who tends to the dogs and he watches, horrified. Mac hears the sounds of the thing's unworldly groan and he immediately responds by sounding the fire alarm, waking up the entire camp who converge on the dog kennel where they see the hideous dog-like creature seemingly consuming the other sled dogs. After shooting at it with their guns, the 'thing' is killed with a flamethrower. (Note: fire is apparently the only effective weapon against the alien creature which can hurt as well as kill it.) An autopsy on the thing's remains reveals its secret: the thing is an alien organism that imitates other life forms by attacking, and either digesting or dissolving them and reshaping it's image to appear in the animal or person it kills.The following day, MacReady flies with Palmer and Norris to the crash site of where the Norwegians found the UFO after watching a videotape of the discovery of something buried under the ice, and the Norwegians using thermal charges to melt the ice on the spaceship. They find the alien spaceship in the open crater and haul themselves down to look around. Mac asks Norris how long the ship has been entombed; Norris estimates that it's been there for at least 100,000 years. Up near the crash site, they find a block of the ice cap missing where the thing was discovered and chopped out of the ice by the Norwegians. Back at Outpost 31, Mac theorizes that the Norwegians awakened the creature and it immediately began to attack them.The team decides to place the creature's remains in a storage room. The assistant biologist Fuchs (Joel Polis) asks to speak privately with Mac; he tells Mac that he's been looking through the biologist Blair's (Wilford Brimley) notes and found that Blair believes the organism's cells are still alive and active. Blair has also theorized that the alien might have imitated a thousand other lifeforms across space.That evening, Blair studies cells from this Thing, and watches them attack and replicate other kinds of cells on his computer. Typing his report into his computer, the computer replies that the possibility that one or more team members may be infected by the alien organism is 75%, and that if the alien reached civilization, the Earth's population will be infected and taken over by the alien organism exactly 27,000 hours (around 37 months) after first contact.While Windows (Thomas G. Waites) and Bennings prepare the room to store the remains, it begins to move under the blanket it's been covered with. Windows returns to the room to find Bennings being attacked, wrapped in tentacles. Windows gets the other team members but Bennings has vanished, running out the back door. They find him in the snow, his transformation by the alien nearly complete except for his hands, which are hideously large and grotesque shapes. Mac and the team incinerates him alive and buries him in the snow.Realizing that something like this could take over the world if it got out, Blair kills the surviving sled dogs and destroys the helicopter and the communications equipment (injuring Windows in the process), trapping the crew without hope of rescue. The others, seeing him as a threat, lock him in the camp's tool shed and sedate him.The next morning, fear and paranoia circulates around the camp as nobody knows who may be the thing or who isn't. When blood plasma in the storage room is found to to be tampered with, which a scientific test that could have been used to find out who or who isn't human, Gary and two others (Dr. Copper and Clark) become suspects because of their access to the storage room. As a result they are quarantined by MacReady who takes over as the 'de facto' leader of the team to find out who may be the Thing. When a 'whiteout' storm (an Antarctic storm resembling a winter hurricane) hits the camp, they are forced to hunker down, all of them paranoid and distrustful of one another.The following evening, Fuchs, trying to do research on how the Thing can reproduce and multiply, is waylaid when one of the unseen persons infected, disables the power to the lab. In going after it, Fuchs is killed (off-camera) and his body is found outside in the snow a few hours later by Mac, Nauls and Windows. Either the Thing burned Fuchs to death, or Fuchs burned himself in a suicide to prevent him from being taken over. Mac tells Windows to return to the main building while he goes with Nauls to his shack to investigate: when he left two days before, he'd turned out the lights and they're back on.Some time later, Nauls returns to the camp, nearly collapsing because of the cold. He tells the others he'd found clothing with Mac's name on it in the oil drum near MacReady's shack. As they were struggling back to the main compound, Nauls cut Mac's safety line and made a break for it. Mac is locked outside and breaks the window in another storeroom to enter. He arms himself with a small bundle of dynamite and threatens to blow himself and the rest of them up if they don't back away. When Childs (Keith David) and the others rebel against MacReady (and to express their suspicion that he may be the Thing), Norris collapses when he appears to have a heart attack. When Dr. Copper tries to revive him using defibrillator paddles, Norris' chest suddenly opens up into a monstrous mouth and bites off Copper's arms. MacReady uses a flamethrower to destroy the Norris/Thing, leaving only it's head, which sprouts spider-like legs and tries to crawl away before it is destroyed as well.At this point, MacReady leads the others in a test to determine who is infected. He suggests that everyone give a blood sample, and then those blood samples be poked with a hot piece of wire. The theory is that each part of a Thing will try to survive independently, and therefore the blood would transform to defend itself. Clark makes another attempt on MacReady's life, he is shot and killed by him. Everyone is tied up (including the dead Clark and Copper) while the test is performed. Windows is the first to be tested, and turns out to be human; MacReady arms him with a flamethrower to torch anyone who might be a Thing. As MacReady continues the test (testing the dead bodies of Clark and Copper whom are not infected), he openly accuses Garry of being a duplicate, but instead finds that Palmer (David Clennon) is a Thing clone. As Palmer transforms, MacReady's flamethrower misfires and Windows hesitates to kill the Palmer-Thing, which proves to be a fatal mistake as Palmer-Thing's entire head splits open and turns into a giant mouth, which is used to crush Windows' head. MacReady manages to get his flamethrower working and sets the Palmer-Thing on fire which crashes through the wall to die in the snow. MacReady is then forced to torch Windows with the other flame thrower, since he is now infected and the Thing is coming back through him.MacReady and the three remaining survivors, Childs, Garry, and Nauls (T.K. Carter) are revealed to be not infected. While ordering Childs to stay behind to watch the camp, MacReady, Garry and Nauls go to check on Blair to give him the blood test, and discover the shed empty, save for a space craft Blair had been building under the shed. When the power in the whole compound turns off, the survivors discover that Blair is the last Thing creature and he must be stopped. Finally, realizing how pervasive the infection is and that there is little chance for survival, it is proposed that they blow up the base so the Thing can't get to the rest of the world. Childs runs off, and MacReady, Nauls and Garry set fire to the complex with dynamite to prevent the Thing from freezing itself again.In venturing down into the basement of the camp to set TNT charges, Garry is killed by the infected Blair. Nauls disappears and is never seen again. Then, MacReady comes face-to-face with the huge, tentacle Blair/Thing, which destroys his detonator. So instead, MacReady throws a lighted stick of dynamite at it. Both the Thing and the building explode, but MacReady survives. He stumbles to a ruined shack to find Childs there. Neither of them know whether the other is the Thing, and they both sit ready to kill the other at the first sign. (MacReady is definitely not the Thing, but there is a strong possibility that Childs might have been taken over when he wandered off earlier). They take swigs of a bottle of whiskey as the camera shows a wide shot of the camp in flames. Both men, exhausted and wary of each other, sit among the burning wreckage.... waiting for the fires to go out and the winter weather to consume them. On that dark note, and with a wiry laugh from MacReady, 'The Thing' comes to a close.
tags: psychological,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful, 

title: Wait Until Dark
synopsis: The film opens in a Montreal apartment during a cold wintery morning, where a woman named Lisa (Samantha Jones) waits for an old man to sew bags of heroin into the cloth body of an old-fashioned doll. As she leaves the apartment with the doll, we see the man watching her leave, then dialing someone on the phone. Lisa takes the doll with her on an airline flight to New York City, but when, on disembarking, she sees a man watching her, she becomes worried and gives the doll for safekeeping to a man she'd spoken with on the plane, professional photographer Sam Hendrix (Efrem Zimbalist Jr.). The man who'd been watching Lisa then roughly escorts her away. Later, when Lisa calls Sam to ask for the doll, Sam and his wife are unable to find it.Some time afterward, small-time con artist Mike Talman (Richard Crenna) and his partner Carlino (Jack Weston) arrive at the basement apartment where Sam lives with his wife Susy (Audrey Hepburn), who is blind. The two men watch until both the apartment's occupants have left, then enter. The con men have an appointment with Lisa, who'd been their partner in crime prior to the recent imprisonment of both, but they are met instead by Harry Roat, Jr. (Alan Arkin), whom the audience recognizes as the man from a distance who watched and met Lisa at the airport. He offers them $2,000 each if they find Lisa's doll which is somewhere in the apartment.After discovering Lisa's dead body hanging in a garment bag, Talman and Carlino want to make a quick exit, but Roat points out that they have left their fingerprints all over the apartment, while he has worn gloves. Roat is then able to prevail upon the two to help him dispose of Lisa's body (he claims that he killed her because he caught her going into business for herself). Roat firmly tells Talman and Carlino help him try to find the heroin-stuffed doll.The next day, Susy's neighbor leaves for the weekend, and Sam leaves for a business trip to New Jersey. Once Susy is alone, the criminals begin an elaborate con game: In order to gain entry into the apartment, Talman arrives posing as a friend of Sam's, Carlino poses as a policeman, and Roat poses first as an old man and then as the man's son. Using first an innocuous story about Sam and the doll, then a darker one implying that Lisa has been murdered and that Sam will be suspected, the men persuade Susy to help them find the doll. Talman gives her the number for the phone booth across the street as his own after falsely warning her of a police car stationed outside.During this time, Susy has grown suspicious of Carlino and Roat, and Gloria (Julie Herrod), a girl who lives upstairs and is paid by the couple to help Susy with errands, has been going in and out of the apartment, sometimes without Susy's noticing that she is there. After Talman leaves, Gloria sneaks into the apartment carrying the doll, which she stole some time earlier. She tells Susy there is no police car outside, and Susy discovers the doll. Wanting to confirm her suspicions about Carlino and Roat, Susy tells Gloria to go home and watch the phone booth that is next to Roat's van parked outside on the street. If a man goes into it, Gloria is to phone Susy, let the phone ring twice, and hang up. Gloria tells Susy she can signal her by banging on the pipes.On Carlino's next visit, after he calls Roat at the phone booth, Gloria sends Susy the telephone signal, and she sends the signal a second time after Susy calls Talman to tell him she has the doll. Finally realizing that Talman is a criminal in cahoots with the two others, Susy hides the doll. When he walks in with Corlino and Roat following quietly, she tells him the doll is at Sam's studio. The three criminals leave after Roat cuts the telephone cord.When Susy bangs on the pipes, Gloria comes in and Susy sends her to the downtown bus station in a taxi to wait for Sam. When Susy discovers that the telephone cord has been cut, she prepares to defend herself by putting the criminals in the dark along with her, breaking all the light bulbs in the apartment's light fixtures. She also pours a chemical into a bowl.When Talman returns, she refuses to cooperate when he demands that she hand over the doll. Talman has spent the most time with Susy and he has come to admire her for her quiet strength and ability to stand up to the three criminals, despite her disability. He admits to her that he and his confederates are part of a criminal plot and that Sam, as Susy suspected, is completely innocent of any involvement, while Roat is a particular danger. Susy needn't worry, though, Talman says, as he has sent Carlino to kill Roat.However, Roat has killed Carlino instead outside by running him over (anticipating exactly that they would turn against him). As Talman prepares to leave, pausing to say something to Susy as he stands in the doorway, Roat suddenly appears and stabs him in the back.Intent on acquiring the doll, Roat chains the door shut in the dark apartment, pours gasoline on the floor, and sets a piece of newspaper on fire. A desperate battle follows in which Susy throws the chemical solution in Roat's face and she forces him to put out the fire as well as smashes the last lightbulb in the apartment. But the battle ends when Roat obtains light by opening the refrigerator, whose door he props open with a rag in the hinge. Susy, weeping (that she forgot about the refrigerator), pulls the doll out from its hiding place and hands it to him. While Roat cuts open the doll and gloats over the treasure inside, Susy is able, unnoticed by him, to arm herself with a butcher knife.Roat then announces his intention to rape Susy, but, as he leads her to the bedroom, she manages to stab him in the belly. As she stumbles across the floor toward the kitchen window to scream for help, (in the movie's most shocking scene) Roat suddenly leaps out from the darkened bedroom and grabs her ankle. Screaming, Susy wrenches free, but the dying Roat doggedly pursues her, using the knife with which she stabbed him to drag himself across the floor. Susy is at the refrigerator, trying to close its door and thus extinguish its light, unaware of the rag that is preventing its closure. She then gropes for the refrigerator's cord, murmuring desperately, Where is it? As the reeling Roat stands with his last strength and staggers toward her with the knife the refrigerator light finally goes out, and Susy's scream merges with the sound of a police siren...The scene switches to the arrival of police cars outside the apartment. When the police enter with Sam and Gloria, Sam finds an unbroken light bulb and we see the room littered with the bodies of Talman and Roat, but no Susy. Finally, as Sam calls out for her, the door of the unplugged refrigerator moves, and Susy emerges from behind it, shaken but alive.
tags: mystery,  suspenseful,  horror,  murder, 

title: Signs
synopsis: The Hess family lives on a farm in Doylestown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Graham Hess (Mel Gibson) is a former Episcopal priest who lost his faith in God after his wife, Colleen, died in a horrific traffic accident caused by a veterinarian named Ray Reddy (played by M. Night Shyamalan). Additionally, Graham cannot come to terms with his son Morgan's (Rory Culkin) asthma condition which causes great suffering. No longer practicing religiously, Graham and Morgan live with Graham's daughter, Bo (Abigail Breslin), who has a strange habit of leaving unfinished glasses of water around the house, and Graham's younger brother, Merrill (Joaquin Phoenix), a former minor league baseball star who never made it to the big leagues because of a habit of swinging at whatever pitch came his way.Things are fairly uneventful in Graham's life until a mysterious crop circle appears in his cornfield. Its origin and purpose is unknown; some townspeople speculate that it may be a prank while a few others think that it may have been created by intelligent alien life-forms. Meanwhile, reports of violent animal behavior has spread across town, supported by one of the Hess dogs trying to attack Bo and Morgan.As the story progresses, it becomes clear that Graham's farm is under watch. One night, he and Merrill chase a tall, dark figure who was spying on them from the roof of their barn. The mysterious being disappears into the crops, moving faster and disappearing far more easily than anyone can explain. Soon Graham and his family are shocked to learn that similar crop circles have suddenly appeared all over the world in ways too quickly to be merely a grand, elaborate hoax. Morgan takes a liking to a sheriff's radio walkie-talkie and she tells him that he can use a baby monitor but it will only work one way. He finds Bo has an old baby monitor in the basement and decides to take it into town. On their return home, strange noises resembling bubbling and clicking come from the baby monitor. Morgan, believing the sound to be aliens talking, climbs on the car roof to get a better signal. He gets the family to join hands with him to boost the signal, but the noises soon go away.That evening, Graham, investigating the other German Shepherd dogs barking, goes into the crop circle to investigate. There he hears the unusual clicking noises and glimpses what appears to be a long green leg disappearing into the corn. Startled, he sprints back to the house before looking back. He then tells Bo, Morgan and Merrill that they can turn on the television, something he had steadfastly objected to earlier. They turn on the news to discover that large, mysterious and unidentifiable lights have been spotted over Mexico City.That night, Graham has a conversation with Merrill about his own faith. It's revealed that Graham no longer believes in God following the accident. He then says that there are two kinds of people: those who see signs, miracles, and those who see coincidences. Which kind are you? When Merrill asks him the same question, Graham does not answer.Later, there is a flashback that shows Graham approaching the scene of an accident, still in his clerical suit. He sees his wife pinned to a tree by a truck, and the officer tells him that his wife won't live for long, being held alive only by the truck pinning her into place. The flashback ends.The following morning, Merrill sees startling video footage on the news of an alien that was spotted during a boy's birthday party in Passo Fundo, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Graham takes a short visit to Ray Reddy's house, and finds Ray staring blankly out his car window and bleeding. Ray apologizes for the accident that occurred, tells Graham that they don't like water and that a lot of people have gone to the lake. Before driving away and leaving Graham in the driveway, Ray tells him that he trapped one in the pantry. In an extended scene, Graham investigates. He takes a carving knife from the kitchen and attempts to use it like a mirror to catch the intruder's reflection from under the pantry door. When he does so, fingers that are not human try to claw at his hand from the other side. Startled, Graham uses the knife to cut off the fingers and quickly departs.Graham returns home and proposes to his family two options: go to the lake in hope that the aliens do not like water, or stay home. After a family vote (in which Graham says that his vote counts for two on behalf of his dead wife) the family decides to stay home and they board up all the doors and windows. While Graham and Merrill do this, Morgan and Bo watch the news and find out that the mysterious airborne lights are now visible over approximately 274 cities worldwide, appearing within a mile of crop signs, and the appearances are growing rapidly.Before the family finishes boarding up the house, they decide to have their last full family meal, choosing their favorite foods. In an emotional scene, Graham holds his children and brother while they all cry, realizing how much the death of Colleen has affected them and how scared they are. Suddenly, the baby monitor begins making the familiar, mysterious noises. Graham checks the television only to see it's no longer broadcasting.They then board up the last doors and windows and go to the living room, waiting for the aliens. Their dog, who was accidentally left outside, begins to bark alarmingly, but is quickly silenced with a yelp. Soon after, something can be heard climbing onto the roof and breaking into the attic. When Merrill realizes that no one boarded up the attic access door in the ceiling, the family decides to hide in the basement and use a mattock to prop the basement door closed. Graham and Merrill manage to ward off an attack. However, something finds a way in through a coal shaft and grabs Morgan's neck, but is repelled, resulting in Morgan having an asthma attack.The next morning, they hear on the radio that a method of fighting the invaders has been developed and they are now retreating, even leaving behind their wounded. Graham decides to venture out for medicine to treat Morgan's asthma attack the previous evening. Seeing that there is no signal coming in from the walkie-talkie, Graham and the family head upstairs. Suddenly and unexpectedly, they come face to face with an alien for the first time and it grabs Morgan before anyone can react.As the alien holds Morgan hostage, the remainder of Graham's flashback to Colleen's death is revealed: she is still coherent as she dies and tells Graham that she loves him, to look after their children, and to tell Merrill to swing away, referring to his love of baseball.Back in the present, Graham sees Merrill's trophy baseball bat on the wall and tells Merrill to swing away. Merrill grabs his bat and attacks the alien. As Merrill moves in, Morgan has another asthma attack at the same moment the alien sprays gas into the boy's face. Graham then rescues Morgan and Merrill quickly realizes that water is deadly to the alien. Merrill uses the unfinished glasses of water Bo left all over the house to defeat the alien while Graham takes Morgan outside and administers his asthma medication. Morgan soon recovers, his asthma attack having prevented him from inhaling the alien gas.Realizing that Colleen's dying words meant something after all, and that they actually saved his remaining family's life, Graham's faith is restored. The final scene shows winter weather outside as Graham is back in his clerical suit preparing for church.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  stupid,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  humor,  revenge, 

title: Psycho
synopsis: In a Phoenix hotel room on a Friday afternoon, Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) and her out-of-town lover Sam Loomis (John Gavin) end a stolen lunchtime interlude with yet another disagreement about their future. Marion wants to marry Sam, but debts inherited from his father and his own alimony payments do not leave him enough money to support her as he would like. As they have done so often before on Sam's business trips to Phoenix, they part leaving their future uncertain.Marion returns to the real estate office where she works as a secretary, arriving just ahead of her boss Mr. Lowery (Vaughn Taylor) and his client Cassidy (Frank Albertson) who buys a house from Lowery with $40,000 in cash. Lowery tells Marion to put the money in the safe deposit box at the bank until Monday. Pleading a headache, Marion asks to take the rest of the day off after her errand to the bank.But Marion doesn't go to the bank. On the spur of the moment, she decides to keep the money, packs a suitcase, and starts driving out of town, only to be spotted by her boss at an intersection where he gives her a suspicious look. Worried that she has been found out already, she still proceeds out of town on her way to Fairvale, California, where Sam lives. All the while she keeps looking behind her, fearful that she's being followed. She drives well into the night and parks alongside the road to sleep.In the morning, a highway patrolman (Mort Mills) stops to investigate her stopped car, and awakens her. Startled and nervous, she arouses the patrolman's suspicions. He looks at her license and registration, taking note of the plate number. He allows her to go on, but follows her for a while, which intensifies Marion's agitation.Realizing that her car can easily give her away, Marion decides to trade it in for a different car. She stops in at a used car lot, hurriedly pays the salesman (John Anderson) $700 cash for a likely substitute, and completes the deal as the same highway patrolman watches from across the street. Nervous, she drives away and continues toward Fairvale.As night falls on this second day, with her fears of pursuit crowding in around her, she drives into a rainstorm. Unable to see the road clearly, she spots the lighted sign of the Bates Motel, and decides to take a room for the night. As there are no other cars there, and no one in the motel office, she honks her horn upon seeing a light on in the house behind the motel, and a silhouette in the window. Someone dashes down the path to greet her, and he introduces himself as Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins). He is soft-spoken and shy young man who tells Marion that he lives in the large house with his mother. He comments that the motel seldom has guests anymore since the new interstate bypassed the local highway, and Marion realizes that she probably took a wrong turn in the storm. Still nervous about being tracked by the police, Marion registers under a false name, and Norman checks her into Cabin 1 just next to the office. When she asks about food, Marion learns that Fairvale is only fifteen miles away.Norman offers to share his supper with her so she doesn't have to go out again in the rain, and he goes back to the house. She begins unpacking, taking time to wrap the money inside a newspaper which she sets aside on the bed table. Then she overhears a shouted argument between Norman and his mother coming from the house. Mother Bates seems to have a low opinion of young women, and doesn't want Norman associating with them. Norman returns to the motel with sandwiches and milk and invites Marion to join him in the parlor just behind the check-in desk.Marion is taken aback by the stuffed birds that fill the parlor, a product of his taxidermy hobby. In their conversation over sandwiches, Norman talks about being trapped. Just as Marion presently feels trapped by her recent hasty decision, Norman is more permanently trapped in his co-existence with his mother and her madness. But as Norman observes, we all go a little mad sometimes. Taking Norman's situation as a cautionary tale, Marion decides to return to Phoenix to make amends, and try to pull herself out of the trap she's gotten herself into before it's too late.When Marion goes back to her room, Norman takes down a picture from the wall and looks through a peephole where he can watch Marion changing. With a new burst of intensity, Norman hurries up the hill and goes into the house.In her room, Marion sits in her robe and calculates some figures, working out how she can repay the $700 she has already spent. Then she tears up the paper containing the figures and flushes the pieces down the toilet. With newfound peace of mind, she slips out of her robe and slippers, and steps into the tub to enjoy a cleansing shower.Unseen behind her, the bathroom door opens. A figure approaches and pulls back the shower curtain. It is the shadowy figure of an old woman wielding a large kitchen knife. Marion screams. The blade lifts high into the air, and then strikes, and strikes again and again. Marion cannot escape the slicing blows of the knife. The savage attack continues, and then her killer leaves. Marion sinks down, reaching for the shower curtain which rips under her weight, and she falls over the edge of the tub. The shower continues to run over her as her blood flows down the tub drain, her lifeless eyes fixed in a final hopeless stare.From the house, Norman's voice yells out in shock, Mother! Oh, God! Mother! Blood! Blood! He comes running down the hill and into Marion's cabin to find the aftermath of Mother's knife attack. He quickly cleans up the murder scene. He wraps Marion's body in the shower curtain and places her in the trunk of her car, and gathers her belongings into the trunk as well. At the last moment he spots the newspaper on the bed table and tosses it into the trunk, not knowing that it contains the stolen money. He drives to a swamp near the motel, where he pushes the car in and watches it slowly disappear into the dark bog.One week later, Sam Loomis is sitting in the back office of his hardware store in Fairvale, writing a note to Marion. He has changed his mind, and if it's not too late he wants to marry her right away even if his finances are limited right now. Marion's sister, Lila Crane (Vera Miles), comes into the store and asks if Marion is there. Sam tells her she isn't. A private investigator named Arbogast (Martin Balsam) also enters the store and asks for Marion's whereabouts. His interest is in recovering the stolen $40,000, which Lila knew about, but Sam did not. Arbogast is convinced that Marion is somewhere in this town close to her boyfriend, so he sets out on a search of hotels and boarding houses around Fairvale to track her down.When Arbogast gets to the Bates Motel, Norman tells him he hasn't seen Marion, and that there haven't been any guests in weeks. But Arbogast manages to look at the register and sees the false signature in Marion's handwriting. Caught in his lie that here hadn't been any recent guests, Norman admits to remembering her now, and says she stayed that Saturday night and left early on Sunday morning. Arbogast spots Mother's silhouette sitting at the window of the house and asks to see her, but Norman refuses, saying that his mother is an invalid and shouldn't be disturbed. When Norman lets slip his Mother's impressions of Marion, Arbogast becomes determined to talk to her, but Norman insists that he leave.Arbogast phones Sam and Lila to tell them that Marion had registered the previous Saturday night at the Bates Motel in Cabin 1, and that he means to sneak back and talk to Mrs. Bates regardless of Norman's objections. When he gets back to the motel, Arbogast looks into the office and the parlor briefly to see if Norman is there, and spots the motel safe which is standing open. Then he heads up to the house and goes inside. Sensing that no one is downstairs, he starts up the stairs. As he nears the top of the landing, Mother Bates emerges from the bedroom and stabs him. He stumbles backwards down the stairs and falls to the floor, where he is set upon and stabbed yet again.At the hardware store, Lila and Sam have been waiting for Arbogast, who was supposed to return hours ago. Sam tells Lila to stay behind while he goes out to the motel. When he gets there, he calls out but no one answers. Norman, standing by the swamp after having just disposed of the investigator's remains, hears Sam call out for Arbogast.Sam returns to the store, having seen no one at the motel or the house. No Arbogast, no Bates, only a sick old lady unable or unwilling to answer the door. Sam suggests they go see Sheriff Chambers (John McIntire) to report the missing Arbogast. At the sheriff's house, Chambers and his wife (Lurene Tuttle) listen to Sam and Lila tell their story. At their urging, Chambers phones the motel and talks to Norman, who says that the detective had been there but had left. When Lila presses Chambers about the mother, Chambers tells them that Norman's mother has been dead and buried for the past ten years, having poisoned her lover and herself in the only murder-suicide in Fairvale's living memory. But Sam and Lila insist that there is an old woman out there, and that Arbogast had told them that Norman wouldn't let Arbogast see his mother because she was too ill. That makes the sheriff wonder, if Norman's mother is up there at the motel, then who is buried in that grave in Green Lawn Cemetery?Norman is worried about all the people who have been snooping around. His concerns lead to another unseen argument with Mother in which he tells her she should hide in the fruit cellar for a few days. She refuses. Norman says he will pick her up and carry her downstairs. She berates him, but in spite of Mother's protests to be put down, Norman carries his mother down the stairs.The next morning, Sunday morning, Lila and Sam meet Sheriff and Mrs. Chambers coming out of church. The sheriff has already been to the motel before church services. He didn't see anything strange and suggests that the detective probably just moved on to pursue a lead without telling them. He offers to help Lila report a missing person and a theft, and let the law find her sister. Unsatisfied, Lila and Sam decide to go out to the motel for themselves. Their plan is to register as husband and wife and check into a cabin. Then they will search the place more thoroughly.Norman assigns them to Cabin 10, and Sam insists on signing the register. As he pays and asks Norman for a receipt, Lila takes the key and goes ahead toward their cabin. On the way she checks that the door to Cabin 1 is unlocked. After a brief stop in cabin 10 to talk matters over, and after they are sure Norman is not nearby, Sam and Lila enter Cabin 1 to search for clues. Sam notices that the shower curtain is missing and Lila finds a scrap of paper with something subtracted from $40,000, suggesting that Norman possibly knew about the money. Lila wants to talk to the woman in the house because she might have told Arbogast something. She wants Sam to distract Norman while she goes to the house. Sam tries to dissuade her, but she insists she can handle a sick old woman.Sam finds Norman in the office and engages him in conversation, while Lila circles around behind the motel to the house. She enters and looks through all the rooms upstairs. She goes into Mother's bedroom, filled with furnishings and clothes from the Victorian era but strangely preserved as if new. The outline of a woman's body is deeply impressed into the old mattress. She looks into Norman's bedroom, another room frozen in time containing the toys and small bed of a child.Meanwhile, Sam has been trying to get Norman to talk about money, looking for some indication that Norman has the stolen cash. Norman begins to grow agitated. When Sam mentions Norman's mother, Norman realizes that his other guest may be snooping around at the house. Sam tries to keep Norman from leaving, and they struggle. Norman knocks Sam over the head, and Sam falls dazed to the floor.Lila is just coming down the stairs when she sees Norman running toward the front door. She ducks around behind the stairs and partway down the cellar steps to avoid him. Norman heads upstairs. Lila starts to come back up, when she notices the cellar door at the bottom of the steps. This is a room she hasn't examined yet, and she risks the opportunity to look into it.Walking through a storage room and into the barren fruit cellar beyond it, she sees an old woman sitting in a chair facing the far wall. She whispers, Mrs. Bates. But the woman doesn't respond. She taps the woman on the shoulder. The chair swivels around to reveal the desiccated remains of an old woman's corpse, her face contorted into a near-skeletal grin and seemingly staring out of eyeless sockets.Lila screams and turns away, and her flinching reaction sets the bare hanging light bulb to swinging. At that moment, the living semblance of an old woman enters at the door wielding a large knife, blocking the only escape route from the cellar. In the next moment, Sam's timely arrival saves Lila, as he subdues the would-be assailant from behind. The woman's wig falls away to reveal Norman Bates dressed in the guise of his mother.Lila, Sam, and Sheriff Chambers are among a bewildered group of interested persons who sit in an office in the County Court House, waiting to hear from a psychiatrist who has been called in to examine Norman. The psychiatrist (Simon Oakland) enters to tell them he has gotten the whole story, but not from Norman. He got it from Norman's Mother. As a personality, Norman no longer exists. The other half, the Mother half of Norman's mind has taken over.The psychiatrist goes on to explain that after the death of Norman's father, Norman came to depend on the undivided attention of his mother. But when she took a lover, Norman felt as if he had been replaced. His jealousy could not stand to share her. So he poisoned both his mother and her lover. Consumed with guilt over his crime, he stole his mother's corpse and treated it to preserve it as best he could.To further the illusion that his mother was still alive, he began to divide his mind with his mother-- to think and speak for her. He walked around wearing her clothes and a woman's wig. At times he could be both personalities and carry on both sides of conversations. Other times, the Mother half, the dominant half, took over completely. He was never all 'Norman,' but he was often only 'Mother.'Norman's Mother personality was pathologically jealous of Norman. When Norman met Marion, he felt a strong attraction to her. That attraction set off the jealous Mother, and it was Mother who killed Marion-- and most likely, other women before her.In a locked and guarded room, the physical shell of Norman Bates sits unmoving as Mother's voice dominates his mind. She wants to prove to the world how harmless she is by sitting completely still. A fly crawls on Norman's hand and he doesn't swat at it, simply smirks as the voice of Mother's personality gloats that everyone must see that she wouldn't even harm a fly.In a final image, a tow chain begins pulling Marion's car out of the bog.END OF FILM
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  psychological,  mystery,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  romantic, 

title: Are You Afraid of the Dark?
synopsis: A group of Canadian kids, from elementary to high school ages, of different cultural and economic backgrounds, come together once a week at night and share their love of horror by telling scary stories. Their ritual is that each week one kid in the group tells a story. He/she throws sugar into a campfire and declares their story's title. The rest of the episode features the story on-screen. Some of the stories are meant to be scary, others are meant to be funny, but each one usually has a lesson on various topics (bullying, science gone wrong, animal rights, respecting the elderly, friendship, good manners, poverty, moving to a new place, etc.).The show was in competition with Goosebumps, Eerie Indiana, The X-Files, Tales From the Crypt and several other similar shows from the Nineties. At one point, all the members of the midnight society, excluding Tucker, are replaced with younger and very immature kids, and this was the point when the show began to go downhill. Some members of the Midnight Society only lasted two or three episodes, most notably Stig (his name may be short for Stigma). He's a chubby, overweight and lazy kid who never changes his clothes. Nonetheless he told the story 'The Tale of the Dead Man's Float', which became one of the most popular episodes of the show among fans. Two recurring characters were Dr. Vink (a jolly but evil and sadistic old man) and Sardo (a sleazy and shady but benevolent magic shop owner). Both characters often get involved in stories. Dr. Vink usually has dark schemes to lure kids into things, and Sardo usually gets caught up in helping the kids he sells his junky products to.
tags: good versus evil,  paranormal,  psychedelic,  horror,  storytelling, 

title: The Girl Next Door
synopsis: Based on Jack Ketchum's novel with the same title, which is based on the true story of Sylvia Likens, who was tortured and killed in 1965 in Indiana.(Warning: the following plot description, due to the content of the movie, is not for the squeamish)The movie starts in contemporary New York City when 50ish stock trader David Moran (William Atherton) sees a homeless man hit by a car. He acts immediately to save the man's life by giving him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Later, at home, Moran sits studying a drawing obviously made by a child. The incident that day has reminded him of a time in the summer of 1958 when he failed to act to save a life. The rest of the film proceeds as a flashback.Teenage David Moran (Daniel Manche) is down catching crawfish at the local stream when he runs into the new girl in town, 16 year-old Megan Loughin (Blythe Auffarth). Megan and her little sister, ten year-old Susan (Madeline Taylor), have just moved in with David's next door neighbor, divorcee Ruth Chandler (Blanche Baker) and her three sons. Meg and Susan have recently been orphaned after a car accident that left Susan crippled.The Chandler household is a big teenage hangout in the neighborhood. Mrs. Chandler (who the kids call Ruth) is considered a cool parent as she secretly lets the kids drink beer and plies the boys with salacious talk.When David runs into Megan a couple days later she tells him that nothing she does seems to please Ruth. David has an idea to make peace between them: he suggests that Megan draw a picture for Ruth. Meg does not want to do this as she is afraid that Ruth with ridicule her. David suggests instead that Megan draw one for him. She does this (it is the picture the adult David is contemplating at the beginning of the film) and David presents it to Ruth telling her that Megan drew it for her. Ruth sees through this and rejects the drawing telling David to keep it.When David arrives at the Chandler house a couple days later he finds the Chandler boys tickling and groping Megan. She hits one of them hard and runs from the room. Ruth arrives and takes the boys side of the argument. She would like to punish Megan, but as she is gone, Ruth instead decides instead to punish Susan for conniving with her sister and gives Susan an sound, old-fashioned, bare-bottom spanking with a toilet brush while the boys watch. Megan returns to her sisters cries and is forced to watch the beating.The next day Meg reports this to police officer Jennings (Kevin Chamberlin) who speaks to Ruth. Ruth is able to deflect his inquires, however, and confronts Megan telling her she will find a way to keep her from running to police with her complaints.The next day when David arrives for a sleepover, he finds the whole household in the basement. Megan has been blindfolded and tied from the rafters by her wrists. She is standing on a pile of books and each time she refuses to confess to something Ruth has accused her of a book is pulled out increasing the strain on her arms. When the books are gone Ruth allows her oldest son, Willie (Graham Patrick Martin) to use his knife to strip the girl naked. When Meg still fails to cooperate, Ruth decides to leave her in this position all night. Before exiting, however, Ruth makes the chilling observation that if Megan is still difficult she may switch the girls' roles and let Megan watch while her ten-year-old sister takes her place stripped and hanging from the rafters.That night David can't sleep thinking of Megan in the basement. He talks the other boys into sneaking downstairs to ease her bonds and give her something to drink. The other boys cooperate, though it is clear they fear Ruth finding out.Over the next few days David tries to help Megan out by slipping her a knife to cut her bonds and leaving the basement door unlocked so she can escape. She gets out, but is caught when she tries to sneak Susan out of the house too.David tries telling his parents what is happening, but fears Ruth too much.Megan's torment reaches a peak one afternoon when the whole household, David and several other teenagers (including girls) are in the basement. Meg is tied naked on a unpadded metal box spring while Willie is allowed to rape her and the rest watch. When he is done the neighborhood punk, Eddie (Michael Zegen) suggests that they cut her. Ruth likes this idea and uses a sharpened, hot, bobby pin to carve a sexually explicit message into Meg's abdomen. Ruth observes this will keep any man from wanting her and suggests that to keep Meg from wanting a man they use female circumcision on her.This suggestion to too much for David and he tries to bolt the room to get help, but is knocked to the ground. Ruth then proceeds to circumcise Meg using a propane torch.When David awakes he finds his hands are tied and he is locked in the basement with Susan and Megan. Fearing Ruth will kill them all; he gets his hands free and comes up with a plan for escape: he fills a metal pot with rags and sets it ablaze. The smoke rolls up the stairs and out under the edges of the house. When Ruth races through the basement door to find out what is going on, David hits her over the head with Susan's crutch, apparently killing her. Willie knocks David to the ground and is about to knife him when Officer Jennings and the police, who have seen the smoke from the street, intervene and subdue Willie.While Megan lays waiting for EMS, David lies next to her and asks her forgiveness for not acting sooner. She forgives him and tells him she was glad that he acted in the end. Megan then dies.Back in contemporary times we see the adult David kneeling by the stream where he first met Megan. He tells the audience he will never forget her. In the reflection of the water we see a teenage Megan briefly appear kneeling beside him. She disappears and the picture ends.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  dramatic,  violence,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  tragedy,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: La casa con la scala nel buio
synopsis: Three young boys walk into a dark, abandoned house and toss a tennis ball down a dark stairway leading to the basement. One of the boys is told to retrieve the ball or he will be considered a sissy. The boys scream at the little blond boy you're a female! The boy cries and walks down, and after a scream, a bloody tennis ball is thrown back up. The other two boys run away.Giovanni, a local caretaker, trims the hedges at a local villa as Tony (Michel Sovai) shows Bruno (Andrea Occhipinti) the villa. Bruno is staying there as he composes a score for a thriller film being in post-production back in Rome. Back at the studios, Sandra (Anny Papa), the film's director, shows Bruno the stairway scene (from the opening scene), and discusses her secret final reel. Sandra says that she is having Bruno stay in the large, isolated villa to get him into the proper mood to compose the music for the film.At the villa, an unseen person walks outside and slices a magazine photo with a cutter. Just then, Bruno arrives, turns on his tape recorder and records some haunting piano music for the score. A person nearby whispers, and Bruno hears the voice and the sound of the cutter being pushed out. As Bruno looks around, a woman jumps out from a closet (after a spider scared her). The woman introduces herself as Katia (Valeria Cavalli) to Bruno and claims to be a friend of Linda who lives nearby. When Tony calls Bruno and asks him about the lights, he is told that the previous tenant, Linda, liked the dark. Katia asks where the bathroom is and she walks out. Just then, Bruno finds a diary in the closet. He reads it and it mentions Linda's secret. Outside, Katia is chased by an unseen cutter-wielding person. Katie screams to the figure: I didn't say anything! Katia is stabbed in the stomach and her neck is slashed.Back inside the house, Bruno rewinds the tape, plays it, and again hears the recorded whispering. He plays it again and hears a words which are secret, the name of Linda, and no one must know. Bruno goes outside to smoke a cigarette while a dead Katia is being dragged through the bushes by the unseen killer. Bruno hears a noise in the bushes and goes to investigate it. As he approaches the killer's hiding spot, the cutter is prepared, but Bruno returns to the house when the phone rings. When Bruno answers, the phone only makes a crackle sound as there is interference. Bruno hangs up and sees that he has some blood on his pants. Bruno goes back outside again to the bushes, but by this time the killer is gone and there is blood drag marks on the grass. At Giovanni's house on the grounds, he finds blood on the back steps to his house. Bruno hears the music inside the villa turn off in which he returns and finds the diary with the pages torn out. When Bruno sees Giovanni's front door light come on, he goes to the other house and helps him as he carries a trash bag. Giovanni claims to Bruno that he is throwing away some old newspapers and magazines. Bruno asks Giovanni about the previous tenant Linda, and Giovanni says that he did not know her all that well. A few minutes later, Julia (Lara Naszinski), Bruno's actress girlfriend, arrives at the villa and tells Bruno and her rehearsal was canceled and she was the one who called earlier but something was wrong with the phone line.The next day, Bruno tells Julia about his strange night. After Julia leaves, Bruno goes to the cellar and finds a locked door. Tony arrives at the villa where Bruno asks him about the locked door and Tony says that it contains things that Lind left behind. Bruno asks what Linda was like and Tony says that she was a normal kind of girl. Just then, Bruno gets a call from Sandra and asks to meet later.Later that afternoon, Angela (Fabiola Toledo) arrives at the villa and tells Bruno that she is looking for her live-in girlfriend Katia who did not come home last night. Angela tells Bruno that Katia came over to get her diary back. Bruno asks about Linda, and Angela says that Linda would let her and Katia come over to swim in the pool there. Bruno tells Angela that she can use the pool whenever she wants. Angela then goes to the pool house to change. Giovanni watches her while she swims. While Angela is diving underwater, she finds the cutter on the bottom of the pool. When Bruno leaves for the studio, Angela walks into the house, while an unseen person, wearing womens high-heeled shoes with a red skirt, blouse, and red-painted fingernails, takes a knife from the kitchen. Angela goes to the upstairs bathroom to change and to wash her hair in the bathtub. As she reaches for the shampoo, her hand is stabbed and pinned to the sink by the kitchen knife. The killer then puts a plastic bag over her head and repeatedly slams her head into the counter, while laughing maniacally. Angela mages to pull the knife out of her hand, but she is placed in the tub and her throat is slit. The killer then begins cleaning the floor and counter with tissues.At the studio, Bruno works and waits for Sandra to show up, which she never does. At the end of the day, Bruno returns to the villa. In the kitchen, Bruno sees that one of the kitchen knifes is not with the others. Going to the upstairs bathroom which is now clean, he finds an empty box of tissues, a cut on the counter, and a bloody piece of torn tissue paper on the floor. In the cellar, Bruno finds more bloody tissues under the locked door. Bruno records himself and talks of possibly uncovering a string of murders, beliving that Angela and Katia are dead.A little later, Sandra arrives and Bruno tells her what happened. Sandra mentions the killer not being able to move the bodies, and Bruno tells of a locked door in the cellar. Sandra says that she knows a Linda, but it couldn't be her. They go down to the cellar where they find the door unlocked. When they find a large truck in the room which is filled with tennis balls, Sandra says that it must be the Linda she knew. She says that Linda as a child was the basis for the character in her film. They hear someone in the studio above. In the hallway, Bruno is nearly stabbed by a nervous Julia. After they settle down, Sandra leaves. Julia tells Bruno that the play she is appearing in was suspected due to obscenity charges.The next day, Sandra calls Linda and says that she is sorry for the way things turned out between them. She says that she used Lindas story in the movie, but it was mostly fabricated and says to Linda over the phone I didn't say anything. The unseen Linda merely whispers and hangs up.At the villa, Bruno finds Julia listening to his tape and the two of them argue about the murders since Julia is skeptic that two murders have just taken place since there is no bodies or evidence of any fowl play. When Bruno asks Julia to go with him to the police, but she again thinks that there is no murderer lurking on the grounds. A little later, Bruno goes out and down the street to a payphone where he calls the director of the theater where Julia is working and asks about the charges of obscenity. The director tells Bruno that there are no obscenity charges for it is a children's play, and that Julia left on opening night without an explanation.At the studio, the unseen woman enters the editing room, takes out a film canister and begins to cut up the film reel. Bruno, at that very second, is meeting nearby with Carlo the editor and tries to persuade him to let him see the last reel. When they arrive in the editing room, the killer has quietly sneaked out and left behind the film which is cut to pieces.Back at the villa, Giovanni finds the dead bodies of Angela and Katia in his tool shed, but before he can do anything, he is hit on the head with a wrench.At the studio, Bruno and Carlo splice together as much of the damaged film as they can and watch the scene, which is shown of the two boys taunting the other boy to go down into the cellar, and suddenly during a splice a woman appears in the film with her back to the camera. Carlo says that it is probably the killer.At the villa, Sandra arrives to look for Linda and in the garage she finds a bearly living and bloody Giovanni. Linda jumps up from behind Sandra and wraps a film reel around Sandra and chokes her to death.A little while later, Julia arrives at the villa and enters the garage to find a dead Sandra beside a bundle of film reels. Just when, the garage door slams shut. Julia runs into the house looking for Bruno, and after being startled by tennis balls being thrown at her, hides in a closet in the cellar. She tries to keep the door shut as Linda pushes a knife through the door crack to force it open. Just then, Bruno arrives back at the villa and finding the bodies in the garage, enters the cellar and calls out for Linda. Julia jumps out of the closet and runs. Linda chases after her and stabs Julia in the back, killing her. Linda then runs towards Bruno screaming. Bruno grabs a brick and whacks Linda on the head who falls to the ground unconscious. Bruno exmines Julia on the floor and finds that she is already dead. Bruno walks back up to Linda who rises up with the knife and struggles with Bruno, who pulls at Linda's hair where a wig comes off and Bruno is face-to-face with... Tony. Tony swings the knife at Bruno who twists the knife in Tony/Linda's hand and stabs him with the knife. Tony/Linda falls to the floor and screams out: I am not a female! and then dies.In the final scene, Bruno watches the final scene in Sandra's film in its entirely where after the two boys run away after the bloody tennis ball flies up from the cellar at them, a woman figure walks back up the stairs and it is the little boy sent down the stairway... now adorned in a wig and dress. Bruno realizes that the sexually confused and frustrated Tony and invented the persona of Linda and had tried to cover up his secret by killing all those who knew him and his secret idenity.
tags: dark,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: Night of the Living Dead
synopsis: Barbra (Judith O'Dea) and Johnny Blair (Russell Streiner) drive to rural Pennsylvania for an annual visit to their father's grave. Barbra is attacked by a strange man (Bill Hinzman) walking in the cemetery. Johnny tries to rescue his sister, but the man throws him against a gravestone; Johnny strikes his head on the stone and is killed. After a mishap with the car, Barbra escapes on foot, with the stranger in pursuit, and later arrives at a farmhouse, where she discovers a woman's mangled corpse. Fleeing from the house, she is confronted by strange menacing figures like the man in the graveyard. Ben (Duane Jones) takes her into the house, driving the monsters away and sealing the doors and windows. Throughout the night, Barbra slowly descends into a stupor of shock and insanity.
Ben and Barbra are unaware that the farmhouse has a cellar, housing an angry married couple Harry (Karl Hardman) and Helen Cooper (Marilyn Eastman), along with their daughter Karen (Kyra Schon). They sought refuge after a group of the same monsters overturned their car. Tom (Keith Wayne) and Judy (Judith Ridley), a teenage couple, arrived after hearing an emergency broadcast about a series of brutal murders. Karen has fallen seriously ill after being bitten by one of the monsters. They ventured upstairs when Ben turns on a radio, while Barbra awakens from her stupor. Harry demands that everyone hide in the cellar, but Ben deems it a deathtrap and continues upstairs, to barricade the house with Tom's help.
Radio reports explain that a wave of mass murder is sweeping across the eastern United States. Ben finds a television, and they watch an emergency broadcaster (Charles Craig) report that the recently deceased have become reanimated and are consuming the flesh of the living. Experts, scientists, and the United States military fail to discover the cause, though one scientist suspects radioactive contamination from a space probe. It returned from Venus, and was deliberately exploded in the Earth's atmosphere when the radiation was detected.
Ben plans to obtain medical care for Karen when the reports listed local rescue centers offering refuge and safety. Ben and Tom refuel Ben's truck while Harry hurls molotov cocktails from an upper window at the ghouls. Judy follows him, fearing Tom's safety. Tom accidentally spills gasoline on the truck setting it ablaze. Tom and Judy try to drive the truck away from the pump, but Judy is unable to free herself from its door, and the truck explodes, killing them both; the zombies promptly eat the charred remains.
Ben returns to the house, but is locked out by Harry. Eventually forcing his way back in, Ben beats Harry, angered by his cowardice, while the zombies feed on the remains of Tom and Judy. A news report reveals that, only a gunshot or heavy blow to the head can stop them, aside from setting the reactivated bodies on fire. It also reported that posses of armed men are patrolling the countryside to restore order.
The lights go out, and the zombies break through the barricades. Harry grabs Ben's rifle and threatens to shoot him. In the chaos the two fight and Ben manages to wrestle the gun away and shoots Harry. Harry stumbles into the cellar and collapses next to Karen, mortally wounded. She has also died from her illness. The ghouls try to pull Helen and Barbra through the windows, but Helen frees herself. She returns to the refuge of the cellar to see Karen is reanimated and eating Harry's corpse. Helen is frozen in shock, and Karen stabs her to death with a masonry trowel. Barbra, seeing Johnny among the zombies, is carried away by the horde and devoured. As the zombies overrun the house, Ben seals himself inside the cellar, where Harry and Helen are reanimating, and he is forced to shoot them.
Ben is awakened by the posse's gunfire outside the next morning. He ventures upstairs; the posse spot him through the window and mistake him for one of the ghouls, shooting him through the forehead. Ben's body is thrown into a pile of bodies, laid next to the original zombie from the cemetery and they are all lit on fire.
tags: suspenseful,  cult,  horror,  violence, 

title: Invasion of the Body Snatchers
synopsis: An apparently delusional and paranoid Dr. Miles Bennell (Kevin McCarthy) has been arrested on a California highway and taken to a local hospital's psychiatric ward. There he tells a psychiatrist, Dr. Hill (Whit Bissell), and the attending physician, Dr. Bassett (Richard Deacon) his fantastic story.Several days earlier, Miles had been called home to Santa Mira from a medical convention. His nurse, Sally Withers (Jean Willes) told him that several patients had come in frantically insisting that their relatives and friends were not who they seemed to be. On the way to the office, Miles and Sally nearly ran over young Jimmy Grimaldi (Bobby Clark) who was fleeing from his mother (Eileen Stevens). Mrs. Grimaldi says Jimmy simply didn't want to go to school. Miles was sad to see that the Grimaldis had shut down their vegetable stand because it was too much work.Later, at his office, Miles learned that many of the patients begging for his return claimed they no longer needed his services. A former girlfriend, Becky Driscoll (Dana Wynter) stopped by. She told him that her cousin, Wilma (Virginia Christine), insisted that her father, Ira (Tom Fadden), wasn't who he seemed to be. Miles agreed to visit Wilma later. Miles and Becky chatted, revealing that they both had recently divorced. After lunch, Jimmy Grimaldi was brought to Miles's office by his grandmother. He insisted that his mother was not really his mother. Suspicious, Miles gave the boy a sedative and told his grandmother to keep the boy at her house that night.Miles and Becky visited Ira and Wilma. Miles admitted his examination of Ira led him to conclude that it was indeed Ira. Wilma insisted that although nothing physically or mentally seemed different about him, his emotional connection to her was wrong. Wilma agreed to see a psychiatrist to discuss her concerns. That night, Becky and Miles went to dinner and encountered the town psychiatrist, Dan Kauffman (Larry Gates), in the parking lot. He mentioned that he too had seen many perplexing cases of people claiming that loved ones had somehow changed.Before they could eat, Miles and Becky were called to the house of Jack and Teddy Belicec (King Donovan and Carolyn Jones). They had found an inert, featureless humanoid creature in their poolroom. Teddy was disturbed by it, and the creature seemed to be taking on Jack's features. It even bled from a hand as Jack did when he cut it on a piece of glass. Miles took Becky home to her father's house. Her father (Kenneth Patterson) seemed normal but Miles was disturbed by something. Returning to the Driscoll house later that night, he broke into the basement and found another humanoid transforming itself into Becky. He snuck upstairs and rescued Becky.Miles and Jack called Dan Kauffman to see the bodies at the Belicecs' and Driscolls'. Both were missing. Dan suggested that they found a real dead human in Jack's poolroom and that its cause of death had been too small for Miles to notice in his examination. He also suggested that Miles saw Becky's double because he had been so unsettled by the mysterious body at the Belicecs'. Becky's father had called the police when he heard Dan, Jack and Miles in his basement. When Police Chief Grivett (Ralph Dumke) arrived, he informed them that a burning body matching the description of what the Belicecs found had been discovered burning outside of town.In town the next day, Miles encountered Wilma who told him she felt better about Ira and didn't need to see Dan. Based on Miles's demeanor she realized he knew something, and told Becky's father, who was hiding in her antique store. At his office, Miles saw Jimmy smiling next to his mother in the waiting room, apparently unconcerned about her anymore. That night, Miles, Becky and the Belicecs planned to barbeque. But Miles found enormous seed pods in his greenhouse. The pods opened up and inert bodies fell out. They quickly began to take the form of Miles and his guests. Miles tried to call the FBI in Los Angeles, Sacramento and Washington D.C. but was told by the operator that the lines are dead. Miles destroyed the creatures, then he and Becky and the Belicecs split up, hoping to get out of town. Miles and Becky stopped for gas. When Miles went to a phone booth to try to reach the FBI again, the gas station attendant placed two pods in the trunk of his car. Miles realized this and destroyed the pods later. He drove to Sally's house. Sneaking up to a window, he saw that she too had been transformed into a pod person and coolly planned to place a seed pod in the crib of her newborn. Miles was discovered by another police officer. Miles and Becky escaped, pursued by the police and other pod people.Miles and Becky hid out in Miles's office. Realizing that the pods were most effective at replacing people when they were asleep, they took amphetamines to stay awake. The next morning, they saw police officers detain people just arriving to town, and watched as transformed citizens accepted pods to take to their relatives in nearby cities. Jack, Dan and Chief Grivett arrived. Miles and Becky were horrified to learn they'd all been transformed. Jack and Dan explained that the pods had arrived from outer space and that the transformation was painless. Soon everyone would be reborn into a better way of life, evolved beyond human emotions like hate and love. Jack and Dan brought pods into Miles's waiting room and locked Miles and Becky in the office. Miles filled three syringes with a sedative, then created a diversion that brought Dan and Jack back into the office. Miles struggled with them but drugged them, with Becky taking care of Grivett.Hoping to pretend to have been transformed by appearing emotionless, Becky and Miles made their way out of the office and into the street. But Becky saw a truck nearly hit a dog and called out in fear. Alerted, the pod people chased Becky and Miles into the hills around Santa Mira. They hid in an abandoned mine. Miles left Becky to try to find help. When he returned, he found Becky asleep. He tried to carry her to safety but learned when he kissed her that she had been transformed too. With other pod people in pursuit, Miles ran to the highway. He pleaded with motorists to stop but they considered him crazy. He saw a truck full of pods headed to Los Angeles. Miles wandered the highway, telling people that They're already here! You're next!Drs. Hill and Basset consider Miles insane and plan his treatment. Then an ambulance brings in a truck driver who had been in an accident. His truck was full of unusual pods, and had been on the road from Santa Mira. Realizing Miles is telling the truth, Dr. Hill immediately calls the police and the FBI.
tags: allegory,  cult,  suspenseful,  horror, 

title: The Descent
synopsis: A whitewater rafting trip is underway, with 3 long-time friends on board. Leading the trip is the bold adventurer, Juno (Natalie Mendoza). Also there is wife and mother Sarah (Shauna Macdonald) and her closest friend, Beth (Alex Reid), both British. Awaiting at the end of the raft adventure is Sarah's husband, Paul (Oliver Milburn) and daughter, Jessica (Molly Kayll). Paul and Juno share a strange moment before he drives to go back home with Sarah and Jessica. While Sarah and Paul are seemingly on the cusp of an argument, a small truck plows head-on to their car, sending a metal rod right through Paul's skull.Sarah has the first in a series of dreams where Jessica appears in a party dress and seems to offer Sarah a birthday cake. Awakening from her injuries in the accident in the hospital, Sarah panics and runs down the hallway, imagining the hospital getting dark around her. Beth embraces her and they both weep. Juno, standing in the distance and also crying, turns and leaves them.A year later, Juno has organized a spelunking (caving-diving) trip in the Appalachian Mountains. The three women from the raft trip gather at a cabin the day before this adventure. An additional 3 adventurers join them, including Juno's butch friend Holly (Nora-Jane Noone), who even Juno considers too reckless. The other two are a pair of European-rooted sisters, the safety-cautious, older sister, Rebecca (Saskia Mulder) and medical student Sam (MyAnna Buring), who, though competent, is the least experienced adventurer of the group.Tension remains between Juno and Beth and Sarah over Juno's abandonment of them last year. Holly laments the the cave they are to explore is just a tourist trap and offers no challenges. That night, Sarah has a nightmare that a steel rod hits her face just as it did Paul's.Waking her five companions the following morning, Juno leads them on a long drive over rough country road. When leaving the cars, Juno seems to intentionally leave behind the cave map. Hiking to the cave entrance, they encounter the huge carcass of a bull elk, with his throat seemingly having been torn open. All the women except Juno and Holly become hesitant when they see the cavernous entrance to the cave. They all rappel down into the first pocket in the cave. Descending still further, all daylight is vanished. Juno lights a series of flares, illuminating the huge cavern of the cave system that they've entered. Even Holly is impressed, recording her surroundings with her high-tech night-vision digital camera. As the women temporarily further prepare, Juno indicates they are looking for a tunnel to bring them further into the cave system. Juno apologizes to Sarah for leaving the previous year and grows tearful when recalling Paul. Seemingly trying to avoid this conversation, Sarah goes off on her own and finds a small tunnel entrance.One by one, the women go into the tunnel, which grows even smaller midway before coming out in another large space of the caves. Sarah is the last to come through and gets stuck on a rock. Sarah turns to claustrophobic panic. Beth, at first, tries to calm Sarah and then climbs back down the tunnel to help her out. As Beth pulls Sarah out, the tunnel roof begins to tremble and, just as the two pull out, totally collapses behind them. The whole group is distraught at the tunnel collapse, since it is obviously their return route out of the caves. Juno then reveals to the others that she not only didn't bring the cave map, but she has intentionally taken them to an unexplored cave rather than the cave to which she claimed she was taking them. Juno desired to be the first to explore these caves and have the caves named after her. The others are angered, but Juno informs them that they must keep moving and look for another exit to the cave lest they die in there.The group comes to an enormous precipice in the cave. In order to get across to a hopeful exit, they must set up a pulley system on the roof of the precipice. Rebecca painfully climbs along the roof using only her arms, hooking the rope to the cave roof. Finally arriving to the opposite side of the precipice, Rebecca sees a hook obviously left by a previous explorer of the cave. Each of the women cross the precipice using the pulley system and Juno goes last. Claiming they will need all the equipment they can get, Juno pulls down the rope pulley as she crosses the roof. Near the end, Juno loses her grip and falls. Rebecca must grab the rope to get keep Juno from falling and her hands nearly tear in half supporting Juno's weight. Juno finally climbs up the precipice wall to join the others.As the six women move on, a drooling mouth is seen in the foreground but is not detected by the women. When walking through the caves, they encounter an ancient-looking mural, resembling a community drawn by early Native Americans. Beth notices that a second exit from the cave is shown on the mural.When it's time to continue, Holly runs in the front. She sees what appears to be daylight (but is actually just phosphorescent rock) and rushes even more, despite Juno telling her to slow down. Suddenly Holly falls down a huge pit in the cave. Her leg is snapped in the fall, her bone painfully protruding from her skin. All the others rappel down into the pit and tend to Holly. Sam pulls Holly's leg back into place and makes a makeshift tourniquet for her. Meanwhile, Sarah has wandered away from the group. She finds an old, rusty miner's helmet. Looking up she is shocked to see a grotesque creature in the distance. The creature appears humanoid, but is hairless and deformed-looking with sharp claws and small eye sockets. In a moment, the creature disappears as Juno comes to find Sarah. Juno and the group don't believe Sarah about the creature and they all, including the limping Holly, go on to find a way out of the cave.They come to a part of the cave with three tunnels and even Juno is vexed as to which one to go down. A blood-curdling noise is heard, frightening the women. Suddenly the grotesque creature Sarah had seen is standing next to the women. Within seconds, the creature climbs with startling speed up the cave wall and out of sight. The creature then jumps on top of Holly. The group is frightened and Sam and Rebecca run down one of the tunnels and Sarah another. Sarah shortly loses her footing while running and falls down another pit, knocking her unconscious.The creature bites Holly in the throat, killing her. Juno begins to get into a tug-of-war with the hideous beast over Holly's body. When the creature confronts Juno she slashes its face with her pick-axe. Another similar creature jumps onto Juno. The injured creature drags off Holly's body as the second creature struggles with Juno. Juno finally kills the second creature with her pick-axe. Seconds after killing the creature, Juno hears something coming up behind her and swings the pick-axe. It is actually Beth and Juno has stabbed her through the throat. Grabbing Juno's bracelet, Beth collapses in a pool of her own blood and pleads with Juno to help her. A shocked Juno backs away into one of the tunnels, leaving Beth to die.Sarah has another dream about her daughter and the cake, but her daughter now has the face of a creature. She awakes and realizes she's in a dark pit of fresh kills, practically flooded with the blood and entrails of various animals. Suddenly, the body of Holly is dropped into the pit. Using Holly's night vision camera to see, Sarah watches in horror as several of the creatures, yelping like hyenas and making clicking noises like the echolocation of bats, ravenously devour Holly. Gagging at the sight, Sarah causes one of the creatures to become aware of her presence. Coming to within inches of Sarah's face, it seems unable to detect her presence as she doesn't move a muscle. Juno is soon heard above calling from the others. The creatures all descend from the feeding pit to go after the other prey. Sarah makes a torch so she can find her way out of the pitch-black feeding pit.One of the creatures happens into Sam and Rebecca, who are embracing and remaining as still as possible. This creature roars in their general direction, but fails to see them, confirming that the creatures are totally blind and instead rely on sound to hunt. Juno again calls out for the others and the creature leaves Sam and Rebecca's vicinity. Sam and Rebecca move on to hopefully find a way out of the caves. Turning a corner, they are attacked by one of the creatures. The creature tries to maul Rebecca while Sam is frozen with fear. However, Juno appears and stabs this creature through the skull with her pick-axe, killing it.Meanwhile, Sarah is also trying to escape, returning to where they came in and finds Beth. Beth has lost a lot of blood and explains to Sarah that Juno had stabbed her and left her. Beth shows Sarah Juno's bracelet as proof. Beth pleads with Sarah to mercy-kill her, which a mournful Sarah does with a nearby rock. Moments later, a small, child-like creature appears and attacks Sarah, jumping on her back. Sarah smashes the small creature into the cave roof and flips it onto the floor, killing it.Within moments, another creature appears, this one apparently a female with long hair and distinct breasts and also apparently the small creature's mother. When the female creature attacks her, Sarah knocks her back and then she falls back into another pit. This time she falls into what appears to be a pond of blood. As she tries to climb out of the blood pond, Sarah is again attacked by the female creature. Though the creature has her pinned down, Sarah manages to reach a nearby jagged bone and stabs the female creature through the face, killing her. A male creature then arrives, failing to detect Sarah's presence as she lies motionless beneath his feet. Sarah assaults the creature, managing to kill him also with the jagged bone. Traumatized and bloodied, Sarah lets out a blood-curdling scream.Juno, Rebecca, and Sam hear Sarah's scream. Juno vows not to leave the caves without Sarah, but changes her tune when she turns to see about a dozen of the creatures crawling in pursuit of them. The three of them run off down the tunnel. Sam takes the lead and comes to another precipice. Though she knows she is too short on rope, she tries to establish another rope-pulley system to get across. When Juno and Rebecca run up behind, they plead with Sam to be careful. A creature jumps out, clings to the cave roof, and attacks Sam. It manages to rip out Sam's throat, but Sam, with her last ounce of strength, stabs the creature, which falls into the water at the bottom. The pursuing creatures arrive and pull down Rebecca. They rip open the screaming Rebecca's stomach and throat, killing her. Cornered at the edge of the precipice, Juno jumps down.Juno lands in a large pool of water at the bottom. Underwater, the creature awaits Juno, but she uses Rebecca's knife to kill it. Juno climbs up the slippery walls, but she loses her grip and begins to fall again. Suddenly, a hand grabs her, pulling her up. It turns out to be Sarah. Sarah is now bloodied and nearly silent, looking upon Juno with poorly-disguised scorn for harming Beth. Juno and Sarah run off, still looking for an escape. Coming into a cavern, they realized they are surrounded by four of the creatures. When the creatures close in, a violent struggle ensues. Juno and Sarah each kill a creature with their pick-axes, but are disarmed by a second wave of attacking creatures. Sarah kills her attacker by gouging out his eyes, while Juno kills the other by stabbing him through the throat with Sarah's flaming torch.After the fight, a tense stand-off with the pick-axes occurs between Juno and Sarah. Momentarily distracted by the sound of more creatures coming near, Juno is stabbed through the leg by Sarah's pick-axe. Just as Juno left Beth to die, Sarah leaves Juno to die. As she runs off, Sarah hears the sounds of the creatures attacking Juno and Juno screaming.Sarah runs into a side cavern and finds it full of bones. At the top of the cavern, daylight peeks through. Sarah frantically climbs to the light and pulls herself up into the woods above, blinded by the daylight. Now maniacal, Sarah runs back to the cars and takes off in one of them. Driving off back down the country roads they had come in on, Sarah is startled by the bloodied figure of Juno appearing in the passenger seat. Shifting her head, Sarah realizes that she's still in the cavern and that her escape was a fantasy. The cavern actually is a dead-end. To comfort herself, Sarah fantasizes about her daughter Jessica giving her the birthday cake again. As Sarah drifts off in her own mind, the sounds of the creatures draw nearer.
tags: dark,  suspenseful,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  claustrophobic,  revenge,  entertaining, 

title: The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
synopsis: The film opens on the date of August 18, 1973 by revealing that a cemetery in rural Texas has been vandalized; several gravesites have been desecrated, the bodies dug up and arranged into bizarre sculptures. Sally Hardesty (Marilyn Burns) and her invalid, wheelchair-bound brother, Franklin (Paul A. Partain), are concerned that their grandfather's grave may have been vandalized, so they travel to the site with three of their friends, Sally's boyfriend Jerry (Allen Danziger), her best friend Pam (Teri McMinn), and Pam's boyfriend Kirk (William Vail). When they discover that the grave is intact, they decide to visit the old family homestead which is now abandoned.Along the way, they pass a slaughterhouse and Franklin describes how cattle used to be killed with a sledgehammer, and now they use an air gun. Shortly afterwards, they pick up a skinny, strange-looking hitch hiker (Edwin Neal) who exhibits bizarre behavior. After inviting the group back to his house for dinner, an invitation they all decline, the hitchhiker takes a photo of Franklin with an instant polarid camara, and demands a two-dollar payment for it. When Franklin refuses, the man angrily crumples the photo, sets it on fire, and cuts his own hand with Franklin's pocket knife. The guys manage to throw him out of the van, but not before he cuts Franklin with the knife, too. Before they can drive away, he smears blood on their van.Running low on fuel, they stop at a rural Gulf filling station, only to have the strange-looking old man who runs it (Jim Siedow) tell them that the tanks are empty and that he's waiting for the gas tanker to show up. When the old man learns that their destination is the old Hardesty home, he advises the young people against going there by saying that the people who live around that area are not receptive to strangers. They buy some barbeque sandwiches from the old man and depart for the family home which they finaly arrive a short while later.While Sally and Pam go off to look through the abandoned house, Franklin finds it hard to get around the old place due to his wheelchair, and he is frustrated by the fun that the two couples seem to be having.Franklin gives Pam and Kirk directions to an old swimming hole that used to be nearby, but they find it completely dried up. Kirk hears the sound of a gas generator nearby and gets the idea to find out where it is and barter for some gasoline. Following the sound, they discover a large farm house surrounded by numerous abandonded vehicles, partially hidden by a large tarp. Kirk finds a human tooth on the front porch and frightens Pam with it. He gets no answer to a knock at the door, and he is lured inside by strange animal sounds. He goes into the house and in the space of a few moments, an enormous heavyset man in a weird mask (Gunnar Hansen) appears and murders him with a blow to the head via sledgehammer. The man, known as Leatherface due to his mask made out of a human face, drags the body into a back room.Pam becomes restless when Kirk does not return, and she goes into the house to look for him. She stumbles into a room that is filled with human and animal bones. A live chicken dangles in a small bird cage. Weird sculptures made out of human skulls hang from the ceiling. Furniture is adorned with human bones and skulls. The floor is covered with bits of bones and feathers. Pam begins to retch and starts screaming, when Leatherface appears and lunges for her. She runs out onto the porch but he catches her, carrying her kicking and screaming back into the house, where he savagely hangs her on a meat hook through her back. While she hangs there, she can see Leatherface dismembering the dead body of Kirk with a chainsaw.Back at the Hardesty house, Sally and the others start to wonder why Pam and Kirk have not returned. As the sun begins to set, Jerry sets out in the general direction and also comes upon the house after he is lured to the area by the sound of the house's gas generator. He is alerted by the blanket that Kirk left hanging on the front porch, and he goes into the house. After Jerry walks into the kitchen, he discovers Pam locked inside a large freezer, still alive but convulsing and near death. She lunges out of the freezer just as Leatherface appears and kills Jerry with the sledgehammer. He forces Pam's body back into the freezer and locks it again. Leatherface is clearly distraught, apparently upset because strangers keep coming to his house.At nightfall, Sally and Franklin are forced to go after Jerry when he does not return; Jerry took the keys to the van with him when he left. Franklin refuses to wait at the van and insists that Sally push his wheelchair along the unpaved path through the woods. Before they get to the house, they are attacked by Leatherface, who murders Franklin by ramming him in the chest with a chainsaw. Sally flees in terror with Leatherface directly behind her. She gets cut on the thorny brush as she runs, eventually reaching the house; she is unaware that the house belongs to her pursuer. Sally runs upstairs as Leatherface saws through the front door to get at her. In an upstairs bedroom, she finds two dessicated figures, an old man and old woman. The woman is long dead, but the old man is still barely alive, hideously withered. Leatherface corners her on the second floor, so she leaps out a window and runs from the house again with him right behind her.Sally reaches the gas station and Leatherface disappears. The old man says he's going to take Sally to get help, and while he's gone Sally notices the smoke pit where the barbeque is made. She stares at it in fascination. The old man returns and suddenly attacks Sally, who tries to defend herself with a kitchen knife. But the old man knocks the knife out of Sally's hand with a broom. The old man beats Sally unconcious with the broom, uses the knife to cut some twine to tie her up, he then puts a gunny sack over her head and forcing her into his pickup truck. He drives her back to the dreaded house, and along the way picks up the hitch hiker from earlier in the day. They all live there, along with Leatherface. They tie Sally to a chair inside the house and remove the bag from her
head. She and the hitch hiker recognize one another and Sally screams in horror.The family torments her for the rest of the night, forcing her to sit at their table while they eat a meal that is obviously made up of human flesh. They bring Grandpa down from upstairs, the dessicated old man, and slice Sally's finger open, sticking it in the old man's mouth while he sucks her blood. They tell Sally that Grandpa used to work in the
slaughterhouse and was the best with a sledgehammer there was. They decide to let Grandpa kill Sally and untie her, forcing her onto her knees and holding her head over a bucket while Grandpa makes several feeble attempts to hit her head with a hammer. The hitch hiker gets frustrated and makes a grab for the hammer to finish her off, and suddenly Sally breaks free. She hurls herself out a window again and lands outside just as dawn begins to break.The hitchhiker and Leatherface emerge from the house and chase Sally up to the road, the hitch hiker brandishing a knife and Leatherface waving the chainsaw. The hitchhiker very nearly catches her, grabbing for her and catching her hair over and over. A large semi drives by and the hitch hiker is caught off guard; the truck drives over him, killing him. The truck driver slows down and gets out of the rig to see what happened, only to be confronted by a screaming, bloodied Sally with Leatherface close behind, the chainsaw buzzing. He chases Sally and the truck driver to the other side of the cab, when the driver hurls a wrench at him and hits him in the side of the head. Leatherface drops the saw and falls, wounded in the leg by the saw blade. The truck driver flees down the road, but the wounded Sally cannot catch up. Then a pickup truck drives by and Sally abandons the scene by jumping in the back of the truck. Leatherface still gives chase, but the pickup driver pulls away. Sally laughs crazily at Leatherface as she escapes, giggling at him as he swings his chainsaw around in frustration and rage in the middle of the road in the full light of dawn.
tags: dark,  avant garde,  grindhouse film,  gothic,  murder,  comedy,  violence,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  insanity,  tragedy,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Night of the Creeps
synopsis: In 1959, on board a spacecraft, two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew. The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister into space where it crashes to Earth. Nearby, a college man takes his date to a parking spot when they see a falling star and investigate. It lands in the path of an escaped criminally insane mental patient. As his date is attacked by the axe-wielding maniac, the boy finds the canister, from which a small slug-like thing jumps out and into his mouth.
Twenty-seven years later, Chris Romero pines over a love lost, supported by his disabled friend J.C. During pledge week at Corman University, Chris spots a girl, Cynthia Cronenberg, and falls instantly in love. To get her attention, he decides to join a fraternity. Cynthia's boyfriend, who heads the Beta Epsilon fraternity, tasks them with stealing a cadaver from the university medical center and depositing it on the steps of a sorority house. Chris and J.C. find a frozen corpse in a secret room, but when it grabs them, they flee.
Meanwhile, Detective Ray Cameron, a haunted cop, is called in to the cryogenics lab break-in, where he discovers one of the bodies – the boy who discovered the alien experiment in 1959 – is now missing, set free by Chris and J.C. The corpse makes its way back to the sorority house where he picked up his date twenty-seven years ago. There, his head splits open and releases more of the slugs. Called to the scene, Det. Cameron finds the body, interpreting the condition of the head as the result of an axe wound in the face.
The next day, the fraternity brothers confront Chris and J.C., who they believe to be responsible for the previous night's incident. They are then taken in for questioning by the police. Based on the testimony of a janitor that witnessed them running out of the university medical center, screaming like banshees, they confess to breaking in but deny moving the corpse. That night, a dead attendant rises from his slab and runs into the same janitor.
Cynthia attempts to convince Chris and J.C. that the attacks are zombie-related, but they are skeptical. When J.C. sees Cynthia leaning on Chris' shoulder, J.C. leaves the two alone and is attacked by the possessed janitor. As Chris walks Cynthia back to the sorority house, he runs into Det. Cameron, who has overheard everything. At his house, Det. Cameron explains to Chris that the escaped lunatic's 1959 victim was his ex-girlfriend, and that he secretly hunted down and killed the axe-murderer in revenge. After Det. Cameron reveals that he buried the body under what is now the sorority house, he gets a call that the same axe-wielding lunatic has killed the house mother. Det. Cameron blows off the corpse's head with his shotgun, which releases more slugs.
The next night, while everyone prepares for a formal dance, Chris finds a recorded message that J.C. posthumously left for him. J.C. says that the slugs have incubated in his brain, but he has discovered that they are susceptible to heat. Chris recruits Det. Cameron, who was in the midst of a suicide attempt, and they retrieve a flamethrower from the police armory. They arrive at the sorority house just as Cynthia breaks up with Brad, who has become possessed. After killing him, the Beta fraternity brothers show up, despite having been killed in a bus crash. Cynthia and Chris team up to destroy the outside zombies, and Det. Cameron clears the house.
After they stop the horde, Chris spots more slugs racing toward the basement; Cynthia explains that a member of the sorority had received specimen brains for biology class. In the basement, they find an enormous pile of slugs, and Det. Cameron, tape across his mouth, prepping a can of gasoline. Det. Cameron begins counting down as he splashes gasoline, and Cynthia and Chris count down in sync with him as they race out of the house. Just as several slugs leap at him, he flicks his lighter, and the house goes up in a fiery explosion. Chris and Cynthia share a kiss as they watch the house burn. The scene ends when the dog who caused the bus accident returns, opens its mouth, and a slug jumps out.
=== Alternate ending ===
Though not shown theatrically upon its original release, the original ending showed Chris and Cynthia standing in front of the burning sorority house, then moved to the street where police cars race down the street. The charred and 'zombified' Cameron is shuffling down the street when he suddenly stops and falls to the ground. His head explodes and the slugs scamper out and head into a cemetery, as the spaceship from the beginning of the film has returned with the aliens intending to retrieve their experiment, proposing a sequel.
This original ending is on the official DVD and Blu-ray release of the film, and can be seen in some television broadcast versions of the film, via Crackle's online streaming service, some US VHS copies, and on bootleg DVD copies.
=== Unofficial sequel ===
Zombie Town was marketed in some regions as a sequel, being alternatively titled Night of the Creeps 2: Zombie Town in Germany.
tags: comedy,  dark,  murder,  suicidal,  horror,  cult,  violence,  flashback,  tragedy,  revenge,  prank, 

title: El laberinto del fauno
synopsis: An unseen narrator (Pablo Adán's voiceover) tells of an underground kingdom that was devoid of lies or pain. Long ago, the young princess of the realm escaped, curious to see the world above, but was blinded by the bright sunlight and all memories of her past were erased. She eventually succumbed to the natural world as her inability to adapt to her new surroundings left her helpless. Her father, the King, remained hopeful that his daughter would return to her kingdom someday, in another place and time.Spain; 1944. The Spanish Civil War has been over for five years but small groups of guerrilla rebels continue to fight against the new fascist dictatorship led by Francisco Franco. Ten-year-old Ofelia (Ivana Baquero), a quiet lover of books and fairy tales, is travelling with her mother, Carmen (Ariadna Gil), to the rural village of Navarra where Carmen's new husband, Captain Vidal (Sergi López), an officer of Franco's army, is stationed with his men at an old mill. Carmen is heavily pregnant with Vidal's child. Ofelia's father, a tailor, had died during the war.When Carmen and Ofelia arrive at the mill, stern Vidal shows little concern for his new stepdaughter but takes great care to ensure that Carmen's pregnancy progresses smoothly. He commissioned a local doctor, Ferreiro (Alex Angulo) to stay at the mill and tend to Carmen. Ofelia wanders off to the nearby woods where she discovers a strange stone structure. She is found by Vidal's housekeeper, Mercedes (Maribel Verdú), who explains that the structure is an ancient labyrinth that Ofelia should not enter, lest she get lost. Mercedes gently ushers Ofelia back to the house.Ofelia and Carmen settle into their bedroom. Dr. Ferreiro speaks with Vidal in his study, explaining that Carmen should not have traveled in such a late stage of an already difficult pregnancy. It becomes increasingly obvious that Vidal only values Carmen as a vessel for his child, which he is certain will be a son to carry on his name. Vidal's tyrannical temper is revealed that night when he brutally murders two peasants whom his men mistook for rebel fighters, but who were merely farmers hunting for rabbits. Vidal realizes this after the men are dead, but blames his soldiers for the error, barking that they should learn to search these assholes properly before consulting him.That night, Ofelia sleeps beside her mother. In the middle of the night she is woken by the sound of fluttering wings and beholds a large insect she'd spotted during the the journey to the mill. After Ofelia shows the insect what she considers a fairy to look like in a book, the insect transforms into a tiny humanoid fairy, and gestures to Ofelia to follow it. It leads her outside to the stone labyrinth. When Ofelia reaches the underground center of the maze,she is greeted by a faun, (Doug Jones, voiced by Pablo Adán), a supernatural creature that is half-man, half-goat. He explains to Ofelia that she is really the long-lost Princess Moanna from the underground realm. The faun explains that he had been sent by the King to bring her home, but that she must first prove herself worthy of returning.The faun presents Ofelia with a magic book that will detail three tasks which she must complete by the next full moon. The first task, he explains, is to retrieve a key from the stomach of a giant toad that lives beneath a fig tree in the forest. He gives her three magic stones which she must feed to the toad. He also tells Ofelia to look for a moon-shaped birthmark on her shoulder that identifies her as the princess.Meanwhile, Mercedes and Dr. Ferreiro are risking their lives by secretly aiding the group of rebels hiding in the woods, one of whom is Mercedes' brother Pedro (Roger Casamajor). Since Vidal had decided to starve out the rebels by keeping all available food and medicine locked up in the mill's storeroom, Mercedes and Ferreiro must smuggle the goods silently in the dead of night. Both are all too aware of the sadistic violence Vidal inflicts upon those who disobey him.Captain Vidal is hosting a banquet at the mill for some local political figureheads.Carmen expects Ofelia to attend, and presents her with a beautiful new dress and shoes for the occasion. Ofelia accepts the gifts with lukewarm gratitude, as she is distracted by the thought of the first task. As Ofelia prepares to take her bath, she examines the magic book, which informs her that the task must take place that day.Shortly before the dinner party, wearing her new clothes, Ofelia escapes to the woods. She finds the fig tree and crawls into the cavern below. She manages to feed the magic stones to the enormous toad, which vomits out its insides. Ofelia finds the key amid the sticky mess, and departs. She returns to the house, her new dress ruined. Carmen sends her to bed without supper.During the banquet, Vidal's rigid views become apparent. He vows not to rest until every rebel is shot dead. The town mayor (Juanjo Cucalón) recalls being in the army with Vidal's father, who, upon his death, smashed his watch on a rock to ensure that his son would know the exact time of his demise. Vidal dismisses this, claiming that his father never owned a watch (though he is seen several times meticulously cleaning an old broken pocketwatch in his study).Despite her punishment from her mother, Ofelia is pleased with her success at completing the first task. Checking on the magic book again while taking a bath, blood-red ink begins to spread over the page in the shape of a womb. A thud is heard in the bedroom and Ofelia finds her mother collapsed on the floor, hemorrhaging from her uterus and begging for help. Dr. Ferreiro stabilizes Carmen with a powerful sedative and informs Vidal that the outlook for his wife is grim: she must remain on strict bed rest. Vidal orders the doctor to save his son, even at the expense of his wife's life. Ofelia is sent to a separate bedroom and is comforted by Mercedes, who has become Ofelia's friend and protector as Carmen grows weaker and weaker.Vidal and his men continue to hunt for rebels in the forest. While examining a recently abandoned campsite, Vidal finds a small glass vial of antibiotics, which he eyes suspiciously before pocketing.During the night, the Faun appears in Ofelia's room and asks why she has not begun the second task yet. Ofelia explains that her mother is not well. The faun gives her a mandrake root, explaining that, when placed under her mother's bed in a bowl of milk and fed with drops of blood, it will improve her health. Ofelia obeys, feeding the the humanoid mandrake under Carmen's bed with her blood from her finger. Carmen's condition quickly improves, and Ofelia is now free to begin her next task.That night, Ofelia is again visited in her room wall by the Faun who gives her instructions for her second task, which involves invading the lair of a feared monster and retrieving a golden dagger. Above all things, Ofelia is warned explicitly to not eat any of anything from the enormous feast that she will find laid out on a table within the lair. The Faun gives Ofelia a piece of magic chalk, an hourglass, and the aid of three fairies. She is to use the chalk to draw a magic door leading to the monster's lair, flip the hourglass, and return with the dagger before the last grain of sand falls.After forging the other-worldly door through her bedroom wall, Ofelia follows a hallway to a large room where a magnificent feast is set out on a large table. At the head of the table sits a child-eating creature known as the Pale Man (Doug Jones), completely motionless, with two eyeballs set on a plate front of him. Ofelia finds that the creature is immobile and doesn't respond to her presence. On the walls she sees hideous paintings of the Pale Man devouring children, and a large pile of children's shoes in a corner of the room. On the far wall are three cabinet doors,one of which she unlocks with the key she retrieved from the toad, and removes the desired dagger from within. As she begins to leave, she pauses beside the table and eyes a platter of grapes. Enchanted by the food and very hungry, she ignores the previous warnings of the Faun's and the present warnings of the fairies. Ofelia plucks a grape from the bunch and eats it. The fairies frantically try to alert her as the Pale Man jolts awake, inserting the eyeballs into sockets in his palms. Not seeing this, Ofelia eats another grape before she turns to see the Pale Man approaching her. The fairies try to distract the creature but he grabs two of them and eats them. Horrified, Ofelia runs with the last fairy. The Pale Man chases Ofelia down the hallway. In horror, she notices the chalked doorway closing as the hourglass runs out. However, Ofelia manages to draw another doorway in the ceiling and barely escapes back into her room.Mercedes and Ferrerio make another dangerous visit to the rebels in the woods, bringing them supplies from the storeroom. One of the rebels, Francés (Gonzalo Uriarte), is suffering a from an infection in his leg from a bullet wound. Doctor Ferreiro determines the leg must be amputated before gangrene spreads beyond it, and takes on the unpleasant task in the rebel hideout.The Faun revisits Ofelia in her room and she gives him the dagger, but admits that something went wrong during the second task. The remaining fairy guide angrily whispers in the Faun's ear, explaining Ofelia's disobedience. He admonishes her for her recklessness and tells her that, with the full moon only three days away, she may never prove herself worthy of returning to her kingdom. He vanishes, leaving Ofelia alone and in misery.The next day, loud crashing sounds are heard though the woods. Vidal assembles his men and they rush into the woods to confront what they assume to be attacking rebels, but discover a derailed train, an apparent decoy move, and no rebels in sight . Vidal returns to the mill to find that the storeroom is missing a large amount of supplies. He also sees that the lock is not broken or tampered with. This leads him to suspect Mercedes, since she carries the only key to the storeroom. He questions her, but she assures him that she had nothing to do with it.Vidal and his men finally have a direct shootout with the rebels one rainy day in the forest. They callously shoot all the seriously wounded men they find, but when they discover a rebel sustaining only a leg wound, they haul him to the storeroom for interrogation. Mercedes soon learns that a rebel has been captured for torture, and rushes to the storeroom in fear that it is her brother Pedro. Mercedes catches a glimpse of the man's desperate face before the door swings shut and sees that the unfortunate prisoner is not Pedro, but an associate nicknamed Tarta (Ivan Massague).Vidal casually shows Tarta the array of tools that he will be using to extract information about the rebels. Noticing that Tarta speaks with a heavy stutter, Vidal taunts him with a proposition: if Tarta can count to three without stuttering, he will be set free. Vidal addresses his second-in-command, Garcés (Manolo Solo), who confirms Vidal's power to release him. Tarta attempts Vidal's challenge, but fails. Vidal begins the torture.Dr. Ferreiro is later summoned to the storeroom by Vidal, who wants him to strengthen Tarta for another round of interrogation. Ferrerio is horrified to see Tarta reduced to a broken, bloody pulp who is begging for death. Ferrerio gently euthanizes the poor man, angering Vidal, who fatally shoots Ferrerio as he departs the storeroom. Vidal had also discovered vials of antibiotics in the doctor's case that were identical to the ones found at the rebel campsite, confirming Ferrerio's involvement in aiding the rebels.Later, Ofelia checks on the mandrake beneath her mother's bed. She is interrupted violently by Vidal, who discovers the mandrake root with disgust. Carmen wakes and Vidal shoves the milk-soaked mandrake into her hands, chastising her for letting Ofelia read fairy tales and get silly ideas. Carmen insists on speaking to Ofelia alone, and Vidal leaves them. Though Carmen and Ofelia had a close and loving relationship, Carmen's sad and dismal view of the world made a sharp contrast with her daughter's optimistic innocence. Carmen attempts to prove to Ofelia that magic does not exist, and throws the mandrake root into the blazing fireplace. Moments later, Carmen collapses in pain. The mandrake, which had become the embodiment of Carmen's health, is destroyed in the flames.Carmen is dragged into a harrowing labor which she does not survive. She delivers a healthy son, which is satisfaction enough for Vidal, but Ofelia is devastated by her mother's death.Now orphaned and at the mercy of her evil stepfather, Ofelia's only ally is Mercedes. Ofelia admits to Mercedes that she knows that she and the doctor had been helping the men in the woods, but swears to keep the secret to herself. Vidal summons Mercedes to his study that night, casually musing about how the storeroom could have been opened so easily when she had supposedly given him the only key some time before. Mercedes, knowing that Vidal has discovered her secret, prepares to escape the mill that night. She stops by Ofelia's room to say goodbye, but ends up bringing her along as the girl begged not to be left alone at the mill.Mercedes and Ofelia attempt to escape that rainy night, but are quickly apprehended by Vidal and his men. Vidal drags Ofelia back to her bedroom, furious that she had known about Mercedes and Ferrerio aiding the rebels. He locks her in her room, giving his men orders to kill her if anyone tries to break in. He then returns to the storeroom, where Mercedes has been brought and bound for torture.Vidal begins the same speech he gave to Tarta, showing Mercedes the various tools he will use to extract information from her. While his back is turned, Mercedes cuts through her binds with a small paring knife kept hidden in her apron and attacks Vidal, plunging the blade into his back and then shoving it into his mouth. She furiously warns him not to harm Ofelia, and then slashes the knife through the side of his cheek before fleeing into the forest. Vidal, not quite incapacitated, orders his men to bring her back at once.Mercedes arrives at a clearing in the woods before several of Vidal's men catch up to her on horseback. Garces tauntingly approaches her, but a barrage of shots ring out from the surrounding trees, shooting all the men off their horses. The surviving rebels emerge from the woods, led by Pedro, who embraces his sister as she weeps with relief.Locked away in her room, Ofelia is visited again by the Faun. He has decided to grant her one last chance to prove herself as Princess Moanna. He tells her that the third and final task is to fetch her infant brother and take him into the center of the labyrinth. Ofelia escapes her bedroom using the piece of magic chalk and sneaks into Vidal's quarters where the baby boy is kept. Ofelia takes a bottle of sedative previously administered to her mother by Ferrerio and hides in Vidal's room, watching him sew up the horrid gash in his cheek. While he is distracted, Ofelia drugs his glass of scotch heavily with the medicine. As he drinks, gunfire and explosions erupt as the rebels begin an attack on the mill. Vidal rushes to the doorway but begins to stagger as he begins feeling the effects of the drugs. Vidal makes out the bleary image of Ofelia standing in the doorway holding the baby, who she had gently taken from his cradle. Vidal stumbles after Ofelia as she runs to the labyrinth with her brother.When Ofelia reaches the center of the labyrinth with the baby, the Faun is waiting for her with the dagger from the Pale Man's lair. The Faun explains that the full moon is nigh and that the portal to the underground realm, Princess Moanna's kingdom, must be opened with the blood of an innocent. He says he needs a drop of blood from the baby-just a pinprick-to open the portal and return Ofelia to her true home. Ofelia staunchly refuses to let her baby brother be harmed in any way, and insists she would give up her chance at entering the heavenly kingdom for him. Vidal finally catches up to her and sees her talking to nothing but air. He forcibly takes the baby and shoots Ofelia in the stomach before departing the labyrinth. As Ofelia begins to bleed out, she collapses onto the stone portal in the bottom of the maze. Her blood begins to drip into the portal, and she faintly smiles as her body becomes still.Vidal exits the labyrinth with the baby, only to be met by a score of armed rebels (including Mercedes) waiting for him. Knowing he cannot escape them now, he calmly hands his son to Mercedes, asking her to tell him one day what time is father died. Before he can finish his last request, Mercedes firmly assures him that the boy won't even know your name. Pedro then shoots Vidal in the face, leaving him dead at the entrance to the labyrinth.Mercedes and the rebels rush into the labyrinth and find Ofelia bleeding out into the stonework. Mercedes weeps uncontrollably as Ofelia draws her last breath.As Ofelia leaves the mortal world, she is transported to a grand hall and sees both her parents, alive again, sitting atop tall thrones. She has been called home as Princess Moanna at last, to be reunited with the King and Queen. The Faun appears and explains that the last task was a test of honor and integrity. Because Ofelia offered her own blood to open the portal instead of her brother's, she proved herself brave and kindhearted enough to re-enter the underground realm.The narrator explains that Princess Moanna became the eventual beloved ruler of the realm, and that small traces of her time in the mortal world are still visible, but only to those who know where to look.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  paranormal,  allegory,  cult,  psychological,  gothic,  alternate reality,  magical realism,  horror,  psychedelic,  tragedy,  historical,  fantasy,  boring,  atmospheric,  good versus evil,  storytelling,  dark,  dramatic,  violence,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: Il tuo vizio è una stanza chiusa e solo io ne ho la chiave
synopsis: Oliviero Rouvigny (Pistilli), a failed writer and an alcoholic, lives in a crumbling mansion with his wife Irina (Strindberg), who is scared of Oliviero's cat, Satan, that used to belong to his late mother. To fight boredom, Oliviero organizes decadent parties for local hippies and humiliates and abuses Irina in front of the guests. After his mistress, a young student, is found murdered, Oliviero becomes the primary suspect. When he finds their maid dead on the premises, he decides to conceal it to avoid further suspicions.
With no-one knowing the identity of the murderer, Oliviero's paranoia builds and leads to more abuse of Irina. Then Oliviero's niece Floriana (Fenech) suddenly arrives for a visit. Irina finds comfort in Floriana's arms and bed, and the two decide to find a way to deal with Oliviero.
After Irina kills Oliviero with scissors, Floriana reveals that she has been after the jewelry that Oliviero had stashed in the mansion. Irina humbly gives her the jewelry and the two part ways. However, Irina also had a plan of her own and she turns to Walter (Ivan Rassimov), the original murderer. Walter kills Floriana and her boyfriend making it look like an accident. Later, Irina pushes Walter off a cliff to have the jewelry all for herself. When Irina returns to the mansion, she finds the police there. An old woman had filed a complaint for animal cruelty, as she had seen Irina stabbing Satan. Inside the mansion, the police officers notice that the cat seems to be mewing in agony inside a wall. As they tear down the wall, they discover the cat and the dead body of Oliviero inside.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  flashback,  insanity,  revenge,  storytelling, 

title: Oriundi
synopsis: Brazilian director Ricardo Bravo has fashioned a rare kind of film, a heart-tugger that completely immerses the viewer and moves you to tears. ORIUNDI is an utterly charming love story that is funny, poignant and tragic at the same time. The film is also marked by strong familial undercurrents that are handled with extraordinary delicacy and never feel contrived.
Anthony Quinn gives a brilliant performance as a 93-year-old patriarch Giuseppe Padovani, and Italian immigrant, who, nearing the end of his life, suddenly finds himself longing for his one true love, Caterina, the woman he married and then suddenly lost in a tragic airplane accident more than 60 years ago. When Caterina suddenly and inexplicably appears to him in the guise of a beautiful young relative, Sofia D'Angelo (Leticia Spiller), Giuseppe begins to question both his reality and his sanity.
As he ponders the existence of his wife in reincarnated form, we get a glimpse of Giuseppe's world, a life that is delicately and intricately interwoven with those around him. It is a reality that is tenuous at best, because Giuseppe can do nothing to halt the deterioration of his family. Giuseppe's grandson Renato (Paulo Betti), a gourmet chef who has been entrusted with taking care of the pasta factory that Giuseppe and Caterina began, is forced to sell the family business in order to avoid bankruptcy. When Renato's son, Stefano (Tiago Real) comes home from business school full of grand ideas for saving the business, Renato dismisses him without a thought. For Renato, the painful decision to sell the business to a group of businessmen has been made at a huge price - the loss of respect from his family.
When Giuseppe begins to seriously believe that the beautiful Sofia is indeed Caterina reincarnated, he turns to his life-long friend and physician Dr. Enzo (Paulo Autran) for advice. His friend, however, can only offer philosophical platitudes with no assurances that he is not getting senile.
Faced with the impending sale of the family business, his own failing health and the unhappiness he sees in those around him, Giuseppe seems only to watch and wait in silent reflection and frustration as his world crumbles. Is this the reason Caterina has returned to him after so many years? Has she come to help him save those he loves? Is she the key to the family's happiness and their only hope for survival?
Award-winning screenwriter Marcos Bernstein (Central Station and Terra Estrangeira) has fashioned a heartwarming and touching screenplay that is filled with love, courage and sacrifice. It is a film that awakens in us the most basic of our emotions, even as it echoes the importance of preservation of family -- often at the expense of our past. This life-affirming drama is full of rich tradition and human tragedy.
ORIUNDI was filmed entirely on location in the picturesque city of Curitiba, a city of immigrants in the south of Brazil. Like the city itself, ORIUNDI is a film that not only celebrates the passion of its cultural history and the immigrant people who came from distant shores to make a better life, but it is also mindful of the future and its destiny.
ORIUNDI is a love story that finds beauty and passion even in suffering -- a small miracle in itself.
Produced by Laz Audiovisual Ltda., ORIUNDI runs 97 minutes.
tags: romantic,  horror, 

title: Would You Rather
synopsis: Iris (Brittany Snow), a young woman caring for her sick brother Raleigh (Logan Miller), is unable to afford to his treatment costs. Dr. Barden (Lawrence Gilliard, Jr.), the doctor treating Raleigh, introduces Iris to Shepard Lambrick (Jeffrey Combs), a seemingly philanthropic aristocrat, who offers her a deal: if she competes and wins in a game, his charitable foundation will pay for Raleigh's leukemia treatment and locate him a bone marrow donor. Iris reluctantly accepts.Arriving at the Lambrick's manor, Iris is introduced to his son Julian (Robin Lord Taylor) and the remaining contestants: Lucas (Enver Gjokaj); Travis (Charlie Hofheimer), a war veteran; Linda (June Squibb), an elderly woman paralyzed in a wheelchair; Peter (Robb Wells), a gambling addict; Cal (Eddie Steeples); Amy (Sasha Grey); and Conway (John Heard), an in-debt alcoholic.When the contestants are seated and dinner is served, Iris points out she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat the meat on her plate. Seeing this as an opportunity to begin the game, Shepard offers Iris $10,000 to eat the meat, which Iris accepts. Conway reveals to Shepard he is a recovering alcoholic after Shepard notices he hasn't drunk any of the wine. Shepard offers him two choices: $10,000 for drinking the glass of wine, or $50,000 for drinking a decanter of scotch. Conway accepts the $50,000 and reluctantly drinks the scotch.After dinner ends, the game begins and is revealed to be a version of the popular party game, Would You Rather? in which the guests will actually have to complete their choice of two undesirable options. Shepard offers his guests the chance to leave, but no one does. Bevans (Jonny Coyne), Shepard's butler and former special agent, enters the room with an electric shock machine and two wired headbands. Conway attempts to escape but is shot by Bevans. In round one, one of the players wearing a headband is given a buzzer with two buttons: one button is a self-inflicted shock, and the second delivers a shock to the other player. After the contestants take turns making the tough decision, the round ends with no one eliminated.The second round begins. Iris is given the choice of stabbing someone in the thigh with an ice pick, or whipping Travis three times with a sjambok. Travis tells Iris to whip him as stabbing would be more life-threatening. Lucas also chooses to whip Travis for this reason. When it is Travis's turn, he has the choice of stabbing Lucas or letting Bevans whip him. Travis once again chooses to be whipped. The dilemma then travels to Peter, who may either stab Linda in the thigh or whip Travis again. Knowing Travis won't survive another round of whips, Peter tells Linda that they have to work together. Peter stabs Linda in the leg, but pierces a major vein causing her to bleed profusely. Linda chooses to stab Amy since she can't stand up to whip Travis. Linda later bleeds to death. As the turn heads to Amy, she points out that the point of the game is survival, ultimately choosing to stab Iris. Agreeing with Amy, Cal's turn sees him choosing to whip Travis, leading to Travis' elimination from the game.The group attempts to run away as the round ends. Iris is able to escape from the dining room, but Cal is shot and eliminated while the other three survivors are forced to stay at the dinner table. Iris attempts to escape through the basement, but is stopped by Julian who tries to rape her. She manages to stab him in the knee with the ice pick and fight him off as a remorseful Dr. Barden, who was once the winner of the same game, arrives to save Iris. Before he can do so, Bevans arrives, shoots Barden in the head and takes Iris back to the table for the third round.The third round begins, which involves making a decision between the known and the unknown. The known requires one to have their head held in a barrel of water for two minutes. The unknown carries an unknown fate, in the form of a card: it can be deadly or it can be relatively harmless. Peter goes first and chooses the card, which commands him to ignite a firecracker in his hand. Peter reluctantly complies, but dies from a cardiac arrest when his hand is blown off. The turn goes to Lucas, who is forced to slit open his eye with a razor blade. Iris chooses to challenge the barrel, and manages to survive the two minutes. It is then revealed that Iris would have had all her teeth extracted if she had picked the card. Amy decides to go with the card, but the card reveals that she has to spend four minutes in the barrel instead of two. Amy drowns to death, mostly due to the start being called as she was opening her mouth to take a breath.The fourth round starts, with only Iris and Lucas left. Iris has the choice of sparing Lucas, and letting the two of them leave empty handed, or she has the choice of killing Lucas with a duelling pistol and taking the money to save her brother's life. Lucas attempts to talk Iris into sparing him, and begins to tell her why he came into the competition. As he pours out his heart and compares the struggles of his family to Iris's brother, Iris suddenly shoots Lucas in the chest, killing him. Shepard crowns Iris the winner and allows her to leave with the money, additionally stating they have already located a donor for her brother.Iris finds Raleigh asleep on his bed and proceeds to shower the blood off her. Upon further observation, she finds that Raleigh has committed suicide by overdosing on his medication. The film ends with Iris grieving over her brother's corpse, screaming, What did you do?!
tags: mystery,  cruelty,  realism,  murder,  stupid,  horror,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Smokin' Aces
synopsis: Las Vegas magician and wannabe gangster, Buddy Aces Israel (Jeremy Piven) is hiding out in a Lake Tahoe hotel penthouse with his entourage. His agent, Morris Mecklen (Curtis Armstrong), discusses a potential immunity deal with FBI Deputy Director Stanley Locke (Andy Garcia). Agents Richard Messner (Ryan Reynolds) and Donald Carruthers (Ray Liotta) learn that ailing Las Vegas mob boss Primo Sparazza (Joseph Ruskin) has issued a bounty on Israel worth one million dollars, and involving a mysterious assassin known only as The Swede, stipulating that he will bring Sparazza Israel's heart. A number of assassins also seek the reward, including Lazlo Soot (Tommy Flanagan), who specializes in disguises and impersonations; Sharice Watters (Taraji P. Henson) and Georgia Sykes (Alicia Keys), two hitwomen hired by Sparazza's underboss; Pasquale Acosta (Nestor Carbonell), a calm torture expert and mercenary; and the psychotic neo-Nazi Tremor brothers, Darwin (Chris Pine), Jeeves (Kevin Durand), and Lester (Maury Sterling).
Locke dispatches Messner and Carruthers to take Israel into custody when the deal is struck. Meanwhile, a team of bail bondsmen, Jack Dupree (Ben Affleck) and his partners, Pistol Pete Deeks (Peter Berg) and Hollis Elmore (Martin Henderson) have been hired by the firm that posted Israel's bail to bring him into custody. The bondsmen are attacked by the Tremors, and only Elmore escapes alive. Messner is dispatched to the murder scene while Carruthers proceeds to Israel. At the same time, each of the assassins gain access to the hotel in their own various ways.
Carruthers encounters Acosta, disguised as a security officer, in an elevator at the hotel. Carruthers senses something is wrong and both are mortally wounded in a gunfight. Meanwhile, Soot gains access to the penthouse by posing as one of Israel's henchmen. Israel's second-in-command, Sir Ivy (Common), learns that Israel agreed to inform upon Ivy as part of the plea deal and attempts to kill him, but Israel injures Ivy long enough for the hotel security team to restrain Ivy. Georgia finds Carruthers and Acosta in the elevator, but assumes Acosta is Soot. In Los Angeles, Locke abruptly withdraws from the deal with Israel and orders that Messner and Carruthers are not told. The Tremor brothers reach the penthouse floor, where they engage in a shootout with the security team and Ivy, who manages to kill Jeeves and Lester. Israel, learning of the FBI's new position, attempts suicide.
Messner arrives at the hotel and sets up a position around Georgia's elevator. Sharice provides cover from another hotel with a .50-caliber, M82 sniper rifle, outgunning the FBI agents. Acosta, still alive, shoots Georgia, but is shot by Carruthers. Sharice, thinking Georgia is dead, refuses to escape and keeps shooting at the FBI team. Georgia escapes to the penthouse, where she stops Darwin Tremor before he can kill Ivy. Tremor escapes, and Messner, distraught over the death of Carruthers, stops Ivy and Georgia on the stairwell, but lets them escape. Sharice, after seeing the pair alive and free through her rifle scope, is gunned down by the FBI.
Locke and a team of FBI agents descend on the penthouse and take Israel to the hospital, while Soot escapes by tearing off his disguise & dressing as a member of hotel security. Acosta, carted away on a gurney, is also shown to be alive. Darwin Tremor tries to escape, but is gunned down by Hollis Elmore.
Messner arrives at the hospital and learns the truth about the day's events from Locke. It transpires that the mysterious Swede is a prominent heart surgeon and that Soot was hired by Sparazza to get Israel's heart so it could be transplanted into the body of Sparazza. Sparazza is further revealed to be Freeman Heller (Mike Falkow), an FBI agent who went undercover and was thought to have been killed by the mob. The FBI had attempted to kill Heller, after they thought his assignment had blurred the lines between being a mobster or an FBI agent. But Heller survived and ended up taking on the role as Sparazza full time. The mobster has agreed to expose the mob's operations in exchange for Israel's heart as he is Sparazza's love child and, thus, the most compatible donor.
Messner, furious over the unnecessary deaths, especially Carruthers', protests and is ordered by Locke to leave the hospital and go home to Washington, D.C, as he is no longer on the case. Realizing that the FBI will never admit what they did, he walks into the emergency room, locks the door and pulls the plug on both men. He then lays his gun and badge on the floor while Locke and his men desperately try to break in, apparently resigning as an FBI agent.
tags: comedy,  murder,  violence,  cult,  suicidal,  horror,  flashback,  humor,  suspenseful, 

title: Plan 9 from Outer Space
synopsis: PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE synopsisCriswell (the Narrator) (Criswell) introduces this story about  GRAVE ROBBERS FROM OUTER SPACE  and warns the viewer about whether you can stand the shocking truth.As narration continues we see several people gathered around a grave with a small ceremony. An old man (Bela Lugosi) grieves for his recently deceased wife. When the ceremony is over a man reading from the Bible (Clay Stone) leads the old man away and the others follow. As two grave diggers begin their job, an airplane is shown piloted by Jeff Trent (Gregory Walcott) and co-pilot Danny (David De Mering), shown talking in the cockpit. Danny speaks to the Burbank tower about landing. Suddenly a flying saucer is seen. Flight attendant Edith (Norma McCarty) comes in to see whats going on. The UFO lands in a graveyard and a strange noise is heard by the grave diggers, who decide to leave. As they do, they see a vampire woman (Maila Nurmi)(the old man's deceased wife) coming toward them. A scream is heard (off-camera).The old man leaves his home that he shared with his late wife. Stopping to pluck a flower of hers, he is overcome with emotion again. Narration tells us he left the house, never to return again. The sound of squealing brakes is heard. An ambulance rushes him to the hospital where he dies.Some of his mourners visit his above-ground crypt, remarking how he was buried above ground but his wife below ground. A man (Ben Frommer) explains that he believes it is some kind of family tradition. They are unaware that his now-resurrected wife is nearby, watching. One girl (Gloria Dea) screams as she notices the bodies of the two gravediggers. The police arrive, led by Inspector Clay (Tor Johnson). He asks Larry (Carl Anthony) who found the bodies and is told the man and girl. He turns the investigation over to Lt. Harper (Duke Moore), telling him he will look around with a flashlight. Larry asks Harper if he notices an awful smell. Harper says he cant miss it. Clay is seen looking around the foggy graveyard with a flashlight. At this point another siren is heard. Harper says it will be the morgue wagon.At a nearby house Jeff and his wife Paula (Mona McKinnon) are relaxing on their patio and hear the siren. She remarks it is the fifth one today. He tells her something is going on down at the cemetery. Asking Jeff why is so moody, he explains about the flying saucer he saw on his flight. As he tells her the army swore him to secrecy, they are both buzzed by a saucer flying by, which knocks them over. At the same time, policemen and morgue workers carrying out a body are also blown down by a saucer. Clay looks up to see one go by and land in the cemetery. As he passes by the old mans crypt, it opens up and he (Tom Mason) comes out, face covered by his cape. Clay is surrounded by the old man and his wife who close in on him. He begins shooting at both, having no effect. Hearing shots fired, the police head that way and find Clays body, dead. Harper tells Kelton (Paul Marco) to call the coroner, telling him they have another body.Reverend Lemon (Lynn Lemon) is seen saying a few words over the grave of Inspector Clay. Next we see three saucers flying over Hollywood. Newspaper headlines say  SAUCERS SEEN OVER HOLLYWOOD.  When saucers are seen over Washington D.C., the army is called in, led by Colonel Edwards (Tom Keene) who gives the order to fire missiles. The missiles have no effect. Edwards tells the Captain (Bill Ash) that there were previous visits, always covered up by the government. He tells about a small town that was destroyed by a saucer, explaining that previous radio attempts at contact failed.Meanwhile in space at a mother ship, two aliens, Eros (Dudley Manlove) and Tanna (Joanna Lee) give their report to their Ruler (John Breckinridge) who asks what plan will be used next. He is told Plan Nine, which deals with the resurrection of the dead, activated by their rays to become zombies. They converse and return to their ship.Jeff is ready to go back to work. He discusses his concerns of safety with his wife, who promises to lock the door when he leaves.Flying the plane, Jeff seems preoccupied, which draws the attention of co-pilot Danny and the stewardess Edith. She suggests he radio in a call to find out if his wife is all right. Danny tries to make a date with Edith.The old man is seen walking in the graveyard. He enters Jeffs house. The phone rings and Paula picks it up. Someone is calling to see how she is to tell Jeff. After she hangs up, she sees the old man come in her bedroom and approach. Sliding off the other side of the bed, she runs around and screams. Leaving the house, she runs through the cemetery with the old man following. We also see Clay rise from his grave and begin walking around. The vampire woman is seen wandering. When Paula is seen near the road, passed out, Farmer Calder (Karl Johnson) stops to help her. He puts her in his car and drives off. The old man comes up and watches them go.The police, alerted of Paula's ordeal, come back to the cemetery to search. Meanwhile on the ship, Eros and Tanna open the door and admit the vampire woman and Clay. The old man also comes to the door and is let in. Inside, the electrodes are turned off before they can attack the aliens. The ship takes off, which is noticed and discussed by the officers and Harper. When one of them remembers seeing a disturbed grave, they go over and it is identified as Inspector Clays but his coffin is empty.Gen. Roberts (Lyle Talbot), meets with Col. Edwards about dealing with the saucers. A tape is played of a radio broadcast from the aliens, which has been translated by a new computer. Eros is heard telling about their mission, which is friendly in nature, but has become more violent in defensive moves. Edwards is sent out to San Fernando, where the saucers have been causing commotion.On the mother ship, Eros and Tanna bring Clay to show the Ruler. When Clay is about to attack Eros, Tannas gun fails and she is told to drop it to the floor. This breaks the jam and releases what is making him attack. Tanna is told to take him back. The Ruler tells Eros that two of his ships have been taken away for other purposes and that Eros needs to prove himself. The old man will have to be sacrificed, the Ruler tells him.The police return to San Fernando with Col. Edwards to interview Jeff and Paula about their experiences. As Kelton waits by the patrol car, the old man approaches to attack. Kelton backs away to the patio and begins firing at the old man. Harper also fires all his bullets to no effect. A ray is shown coming from the cemetery which neutralizes the old man. When Edwards pulls off the cape from the collapsed body, it is shown to be only a skeleton. They go back to the cemetery.Inside the ship Eros and Tanna prepare for the reception of living earth men. Harper, Jeff and Edwards locate the ship and when the door opens, they go in. Meeting with the aliens, they hold their guns on them. Eros tells them that the others from the car will be joining them shortly. Jeff threatens Eros, who says he will show them on a video screen. When he reaches to control it, Jeff fires a warning shot. Explaining he is only going to show them, Harper tells him to do so slowly. On the screen Clay is shown carrying Paula, who has only fainted, they are told. Eros explains about the development of bombs throughout history, including the atomic and hydrogen bombs. The next discovery will be the solorbonite, which harnesses the rays of the sun. When Eros responds to their closed minds as  stupid, stupid , Jeff strikes him.As another patrol car drives up, Kelton confesses that Clay got Mrs. Trent and knocked him out. They go through the graveyard and see Clay holding the woman. They are able to knock Clay down and Kelton revives Paula. Meanwhile on the ship a struggle ensues with Jeff fighting Eros. The others try to open the doors while Tanna tries to launch the ship. As the ship catches on fire, Edward gets the doors open and he and Harper exit, telling Jeff to come. He is the last to escape before the saucer lifts off in a flame of fire and explodes over Hollywood. Edwards speculates that there may be others in the future.Criswell concludes his narration saying  God help us in the future.
tags: horror,  cult,  humor,  murder, 

title: Paura nella città dei morti viventi
synopsis: In New York City, during a séance held in the apartment of medium Theresa, Mary Woodhouse (Catronia MacColl) experiences a traumatic vision of a priest, Father Thomas (Fabrizio Jovine), hanging himself from a tree branch in the cemetery of a remote village called Dunwich. When the images overwhelm her, Mary breaks the circle, goes into convolutions, and falls to the floor as if dead. The police, led by Sergeant Clay, interrogate Theresa, but fail to heed her warnings of an imminent evil. Outside the apartment building, Peter Bell (Chirstopher George), a local journalist, tries to gain entry to the premises but is turned away. The following day, Mary is buried in a local cemetery on Long Island overlooking Manhattan and Peter visits her grave site. The gravediggers (Perry Pirkanen and Michael Gaunt) leave Mary's half-covered coffin at the end of their work shift and leave. Soon, Peter hears muffled screams as he reluctantly leaves the graveyard. Using a pickaxe, he frees the screaming woman from her premature burial, but with the pickaxe coming dangerously close to her head as it smashes through the casket lid.Peter and Mary visit Theresa where she warns them that according to the ancient book of Enoch, the events Mary has witnessed in her visions presage the euroption of the living dead into our world. The death of Father Thomas, a marked priest, has somehow opened a door through which the living dead can enter and the invasion will commence on All Saints Day, just a few days away.In Dunwich, Bob (Giovanni Lombardo Radice), a lonely youth with a bad reputation, wonders into a desolate, empty house. He finds a rubber doll which inflates itself. But before he can use it, the sight of a rotting babys corpse scares him away. At Junie's Lounge, the barman discusses recent events with two local men, Mr. Ross (Venantino Venanini) and Mike. Strange events have been occurring the last few days, and Mr. Ross is inclined to blame Bob. When a mirror shatters and the wall cracks inexplicably, the men leave, despite the bartender's offer of free drinks. Across town, Gerry (Carlo De Mejo), a psychiatrist, is in consultation with Sandra (Janet Agren), a neurotic patient, when Emily Robbins (Antonella Interlenghi), his 19-year-old girlfriend and personal assistant, arrives. She tells Gerry that she's on her way to meet Bob, whom she has been trying to help. After Emily leaves, Sandras pet cat, whom she has been holding through her session, suddenly scratches her badly on her hand, and huddles in a corner. That evening, Emily visits Bob at a disused garage, but unearthly groans scare him away. Emily is left alone when she faces the supernatural apparition of Father Thomas who smothers her with a maggott-covered hand.A short distance away, Rose Kelvin (Daniela Doria) and Tommy Fisher (Michele Soavi), a teenage couple, are making out in Tommys jeep near the vicinity when they too face the ghostly image of Father Thomas outside the jeep. With a powerful, mesmerizing stare, Father Thomas makes Rose's eyeballs bleed and she meets a ghastly fate by vomiting her entire guts out while Tommy watches, and he is immediately killed by getting his head ripped open by an unseen ghoul. The next morning, there is no sign of Rose or Tommy, while Emily's body is found at the garage. The local pathologist Dr. Joe Thompson (director Lucio Fulci), cannot make a clear assumption to how Emily died except from a heart attack caused by shear fright. After Dr. Thompson leaves the scene, Sheriff Russell finds a small puddle of black, worm-infested fluid nearby. Mr. Robbins tells the sheriff and Gerry of his suspicious about Bob. Meanwhile, Peter and Mary leave New York and embark upon their search for the town of Dunwich, as seen in Mary's vision.As All Saints Day approaches, the people of Dunwich suffer further ghostly visitation in advance of the Hellish outpouring. That evening, Bob sees Father Thomas hanging in the deserted house he frequents. At the local morgue, a mortician is bitten on his hand by the cadaver of a old women, called Jane Holden, whilst trying to steal her jewelry. The apparition of the dead Emily pays a nocturnal visit to her little brother John-John (Luca Paisner). At Sandra's house, the corpse of Mrs. Holden appears without explination on her kitchen floor. Sandra calls Gerry for help, and he tries to cling onto the possibility of a rational explination. But as soon as Gerry arrives, the body has disappeared as mysterious as it appeared. Investing noises upstairs in Sandra's house, the doctor and patient witness broken glass fly from a shattered window into the wall opposite. The wall bleeds before their eyes, forcing them to flee the house. Meanwhile, Bob has taken refuge at the Ross household in the garage. When Mr. Ross's teenage daughter finds him and tries to comfort him after he tries to explain whats going on outside, the rabid patriarch enters, and mistakenly assuming that Bob is trying to seduce his daughter. The vicious Mr. Ross kills Bob in a horrific way by impaling his head on a drilling lathe.The following morning, Peter and Mary follow a bland village priest's directions to the shunned village of Dunwich. Arriving at the graveyard, they begin searching for Father Thomas' tomb. Gerry and Sandra also arrive after following a trail there, and the two couples exchange stories about their recent events. They begin to become acquainted at Gerry's office when a sudden violent storm blasts through the window, showering the four with maggots. When it's over, Gerry receives a distressing phone call from John-John Robbins. The little boy says that his dead sister has returned from the grave during the night and killed his parents. The four rush over the Robbins' house and find that John-John's story is true. Sandra offers to take the boy to her apartment while, Peter, Mary, and Gerry try to find the sheriff. Upon arriving at the entrance to Sandra's apartment building, she is killed by the malevolent zombie/ghost of Emily, who rips Sandra's scalp off. John-John runs through the fog-shrounded streets of the town, evading more zombies of the townspeople, when he is saved by Gerry who hands the boy over to the police.At Junie's Lounge, Mr. Ross, Mike, and the barman are attacked and finally killed by the marauding ghouls as a state-of-emergency is declared over the radio. Mary, Peter, and Gerry arrive back at the graveyard as All Saints Day begins. They decent into Father Thomas' family tomb, discovering an underground grotto of skeletal remains and cobwebbed putrescenes. Sandra appears as a zombie, and kills Peter by ripping his brains out. The zombie Sandra is then immobilized by Gerry who impails her to a cave wall with a pitchfork to her chest. Mary and Gerry are forced to go on until they reach a weired, stained-glass chamber coated in musk and dust. There, they face Father Thomas who has re-entered corporeal existence with his supernatural powers intact. Mary and Gerry look on as all of the dead begin to emerge from their tombs and surround them. Father Thomas once again begins to use his powerful and mesmerizing stare making Mary's eyeballs bleed. Before his stare can turn Mary inside out, Gerry grabs a large, rotting, wooden cross and disembowels Father Thomas. The evil priest's decayed guts are punctured, and he and the massing zombies burst into flames and return to dust. The Gate of Hell have apparently been closed. Mary and Gerry struggle from the subterranean catacombs of the night and emerge back out of Father Thomas' tomb into the graveyard at morning, to see John-John running excitedly towards them. As he approaches, Mary and Gerry's joy turns to disquietude, and then to fear, until the movie suddenly ends as ambiguously as it began... with Mary's scream.
tags: cruelty,  grindhouse film,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  sadist, 

title: I Am Legend
synopsis: Dr. Krippen (Emma Thompson) is interviewed on TV about her great discovery: she has changed the measles virus genetically so that it attacks cancerous cells. She explains that all the cancer patients which her cure has been tested on have recovered so far. The scene jumps to three years later. We see New York City has become an empty and desolate place, devoid of human life. Grass covers roads and buildings, abandoned cars line the highways and the city is silent. It seems that the apocalypse has arrived.Robert Neville (Will Smith) is driving through the deserted city accompanied by Sam, his dog. A herd of deer leap across his path and he follows them gives chase at speed in the car. He tries to shoot them and we realise it's a hunt. The deer split up and run down a road blocked with abandoned cars. Neville gives chase on foot, trying to hunt one deer down. As he rounds a corner he gets the deer in his gun sights only to be beaten to the kill by a lion that presumably escaped from the NYC zoo. Robert is torn as to whether to shoot the lion and its family who also enter the scene or leave the deer to them. At this point Robert's watch alarm starts beeping and he leaves, taking Sam with him. We see Neville's home. It is the typical American detached house, but it looks as though it were in the middle of a war zone. Robert and Sam have had a seemingly normal evening, eating processed food and watching tv. After a bath, Neville shuts, locks and protects every door and window with massive steel shutters. He sleeps with Sam in a bathtub, rifle in hand, with sounds of screaming surround the home.He dreams of how Zoe (Salli Richardson-Whitfield), his wife, their child, Marley (Willow Smith), and Sam, as a puppy, try to leave New York. We see Robert dressed in a military uniform: he decides to stay in New York on his own in order to try to stop the virus as he is a military doctor. They tell Marley they are going on holiday. The dream scene is interrupted by Neville waking to once again face his lonely reality.At his fortress-like home, Robert exercises and goes down to the basement, where he keeps a small but hi-tech laboratory. We see that he has been experimenting with a vaccine for the virus that has wiped out most of the human race. He's tried the vaccine, evidently only one of hundreds, on some mice in order to find a viable cure. All the mice act incredibly aggressive, except for one. Robert makes note of this mouse and deems that specific compound ready for human trials.Later, Robert goes to a video-rental store where he talks to some mannequins he has set up, his only form of contact with the human form. It seems he has created a game for himself to prevent madness from taking him. He later visits some condo flats nearby, searching for supplies and coming upon a room with a bed surrounded by plastic wrap and another room with two cribs. We see the pain in his eyes as he empathises with the loss of loved ones. Later, we hear the radio message Neville has created and plays over all AM radio frequencies. It says that he's alive, and that he'll be waiting for more survivors at the docks of the bay at midday everyday.Sam spots a deer again, so Robert and Sam go after it. The deer runs into an old building at ground level, and Sam goes after it, although Robert has tried to hold Sam back. Robert enters the building as Sam will not return of his own accord. Carefully, Robert searches the darkened rooms. He finds the corpse of the deer and Sam, hiding under an old desk. An Infected male then leaps out of the darkness to attack Robert and is shot dead. Both Sam and Robert start running away through the building. Some more of the infected appear and chase them. He fights them all and both are able to get out of the building. The leader of the infected (Dash Mihok) cannot run after them because his skin burns as soon as he comes in contact with the sunlight, and after screaming at Neville, he retreats back to the safety of the darkness. Soon afterwards, Robert sets a trap to catch one of the infected. He succeeds and takes the captured female infected (Joanna Numata) home to his lab. He tries the vaccine that made the mouse less aggressive, but it fails and the woman flatlines. He revives her with an adrenaline shot and continues to adapt his serums in the hope of finding a cure.That night, he again dreams of the past, when his wife and child try tried to leave New York in the chaos of its evacuation. He relives the panic and terror on the streets as the citizens of the city try to escape before the infected take control. Neville wakes again, with a deeply sad face.The next morning, he remembers it's his birthday. When he goes to the video store, he finds his mannequins have been moved. During the night the infected have set the same trap he organized for them the previous day.. Neville is caught by the trap and passes out. When he wakes up, he is badly hurt, hanging upside down and bleeding. Sam is faithfully waiting for him. He cuts himself free finally just as dusk falls, but he falls on his knife and impales his leg. The infected leader then appears with infected dogs who attack Robert, but Sam defends him, who succeeds in crawling back to his car to retrieve a pistol, shooting the infected dogs dead. He looks over to see Sam collapse from a bite wound and picks her up and lays her in the car. When he gets home he puts Sam on a table, and injects her with an experimental vaccine. The vaccine fails in helping Sam as Neville realizes her hair begins to fall out and she attempts to bite him, so he is forced to kill her by strangling her as she struggles in his arms. Tears stream down his cheeks as he says goodbye to his only friend. He then goes and buries her in the streets on New York City.In a grief stricken rage he decides to fight all the infected face-to-face. He drives his car at speed into the hoards of infected who roam the streets at night. He crashes and the infected overpower the vehicle. Just as he is about to die a bright light shines on him and he blacks out. While blacked out, he has dreams about the past once more. This time he dreams of the helicopter his wife and child used to escape New York. As it takes off it, a nearby helicopter is attacked by infected and crashes into the helicopter carrying his family.He wakes up in a his house to Shrek playing on the TV and stitches in his knife wound. The people who rescued him are Anna (Alice Braga) and her son Ethan (Charlie Tahan), who have heard Robert's radio message and went to find him the previous day. Anna explains a plan to leave New York, and go to a colony of immune survivors in Vermont. Robert, however, insists that he wants to be left alone and that he doesn't believe that such a place exists.Later that evening, Robert realizes that the infected are attacking the house. The previous night they had followed Anna back when she rescued Robert. Although Robert's home defenses are comprehensive, the infected are so great in number they breach the shutters and make their way into the house. Robert, Anna and Ethan retreat to the basement lab.During the hectic fight, Robert has time to realize that the infected female he had captured earlier and tested the virus vaccine on, has come back to her human form. He takes a sample of her blood in a syringe and gives it to Anna, telling her to leave through a small trap-door with Ethan. Robert stays back to kill as many of the infected as he can, blowing them to pieces along with himself, including the vicious alpha-male who has made a personal quest out of hunting Robert down.Anna and Ethan reach a strange place in the middle of the countryside: the road is cut by a castle-like wall and a steel door. There, some human survivors live in that enclosed community. Anna gives the syringe with the antidote to the human leader of that small community and her voice over tells us of the legend that Robert Neville has become.Alternate Ending:During the fight between Robert and the Infected, Robert realizes that the infected female he had captured earlier and tested the virus vaccine on, has come back to her human form. Alpha vampire makes cracks in the glass chamber (in shape of a butterfly) indicating he wants the female back. Robert removes her drug drip and moves her outside the glass chamber, saying that he's listening (to God). The alpha vampire directs other vampires not to attack Robert, who now vaccinates the female to return her to vampire form. The alpha vampire picks her up and leaves with other vampires while Robert says sorry to them for killing some vampires in his experiments.Robert, Anna and Ethan now live together and keep on searching for other human survivors by sending messages in AM broadcasts.
tags: suspenseful,  neo noir,  depressing,  horror,  flashback,  action,  revenge,  sentimental, 

title: Split
synopsis: The film opens with a birthday party for Claire (Haley Lu Richardson). Her classmate Casey (Anya Taylor-Joy) was invited out of pity, as Claire tells her father (Neal Huff) that Casey frequently gets into trouble with teachers and gets sent to detention. Casey calls for a ride home but is told the car broke down. She's about to take the bus, but Claire's dad insists that he go home with them.The girls leave along with another friend, Marcia (Jessica Sula). Claire's dad is approached by an unseen person. Moments later, the person, a man named Kevin (James McAvoy), gets into the car. Claire thinks he just got in the wrong car by mistake, but Kevin puts on a face mask and sprays the girls with some kind of toxin that knocks them out. Casey slowly attempts to open the door to get out, but Kevin gets her too.Kevin brings the girls into a windowless room in an unknown location. He pulls Marcia out and takes her outside. After a brief moment, Marcia runs back into the room after she peed herself. She tells the others that Kevin wanted her to dance for him. Claire says they need to fight back together to get out. Casey is calm and says they need to find out what they are there for before they make any sort of move.We see a flashback in which a 5-year-old Casey (here played by Izzie Leigh Coffey) is with her father (Sebastian Arcelus) and her Uncle John (Brad William Henke). They are both hunters, and they teach Casey how to hunt. Uncle John talks about hunting a deer but being distracted by the buck.A therapist, Dr. Karen Fletcher (Betty Buckley), is watching a news report on the three missing girls and how Claire's father woke up to find the girls and his car gone. Karen then receives an email from someone named Barry, saying they need to speak and it is urgent.Barry is really one of Kevin's multiple personalities. This alter is a sketch artist with a heavy Boston accent. He meets with Karen regularly in this persona.The girls continue to try and find a way out. They look through a crack in the door and see what appears to be a woman talking to their captor. Claire and Marcia call to the woman for help. She approaches the door, but it is just Kevin wearing a skirt and high heels. This alter is known as Patricia, a polite British woman. Patricia assures the girls that their captor knows why they are there and that he is not allowed to touch them.Karen is in a conference via Skype in which she discusses her patients, most of whom are suffering from DID (dissociative identity disorder), including Kevin. Karen talks about how some identities have capabilities that the other identities may not possess, as well as the way she can sense who has come to the light (which alter is in control). She adds that people with DID can change their body chemistry with their thoughts.The girls meet another identity, Hedwig, who has the mannerisms of a 9-year-old boy. He claims that Patricia and Dennis (the persona that captured the girls) are mad at him and that he is in trouble. Casey talks to Hedwig in an attempt to get a way out of there by telling him that Patricia and Dennis are still mad at him and that he's in trouble. Hedwig leaves, and the girls start looking for a way out through the walls. Claire finds a hollow spot in the ceiling and starts breaking off the plaster. Hedwig starts to come back, but Casey and Marcia hold the door back as Claire tries climbing out. Kevin reverts to Dennis as Claire starts crawling through the vents. She finds an exit and starts running for help. She hides in a locker but her trembling breath is so loud that Dennis finds her. He orders Claire to take off her shirt because it's dirty. He then locks her in a room by herself.In another session with Karen, Kevin returns as Barry. Karen doesn't believe she is really talking to Barry. She has noticed certain characteristics that Barry is displaying normally seen with other alters like Dennis, such as OCD. Barry insists that he's gotten better. Karen mentions that Kevin has 23 distinct identities. Kevin then becomes Dennis as Karen mentions a 24th identity, The Beast, whom Dennis says is indeed real.Patricia brings Casey and Marcia out for some food. Marcia is forced to remove her skirt and Casey takes off her flannel shirt. Patricia brings the girls into a dining room and starts to make another sandwich. He becomes upset when he accidentally cuts the sandwich crookedly, so he starts making another one. Marcia seizes the opportunity to take a chair and strike Patricia in the back with it. She runs out for help, and Casey tries to run too, but Patricia catches her and orders her to go to her room. Marcia is eventually caught as well and is locked in a room by herself.Karen and her assistant Jai (M. Night Shyamalan) review security footage of outside the building. A trash bin is knocked over with garbage spilled everywhere. One couple walks around it, but Dennis walks right through it, which is something Karen believes is deliberate.Hedwig talks to Casey playfully. He asks to kiss her, and she allows him to, though it is awkward. Hedwig mentions his music collection and how he likes to dance to some Kanye West. Casey asks him to show her his room and his music collection. He brings her in there, and she mentions a window that's next to his music. It's just a drawing of a closed window over another drawing of an open window. Hedwig starts to realize that Casey is trying to escape. She becomes frightened and attempts to placate him. He pulls out a walkie-talkie, which Casey uses to start calling for help while fighting off Hedwig. Hedwig subdues Casey and takes the walkie back.We see another flashback with Little Casey on a hunting trip. With her dad not around, Uncle John starts wanting to play. He strips down to his underwear and tells Casey to take off her clothes because animals don't wear clothes. Later, John emerges from behind a rock and sees Casey holding a rifle at him. He manages to take it back from her before she pulls the trigger.Claire and Marcia attempt to escape using a wire to unlock the door from the outside Marcia's room. They are unsuccessful.Karen goes to Kevin's home and is greeted by Dennis. He invites her inside and they continue to discuss The Beast, as well as The Horde, which is the name given for the major identities that control Kevin (Dennis, Barry, Patricia, and Hedwig). Karen then becomes genuinely terrified. She goes outside and finds Claire trapped in her room, but Dennis pulls Karen away before she can help.Casey finds a laptop with videos on every one of Kevin's identities. She sees one called Orwell, who discusses philosophy, and another named Jade, who is diabetic.Dennis goes to an abandoned train car and starts to transform into The Beast. He is significantly taller and stronger than any other identity. He returns home and finds Karen writing something on a piece of paper. She grabs a small knife as he crawls on the wall and grabs her. Karen starts trying to stab him, but the knife breaks. The Beast then squeezes Karen until her spine snaps and she dies.Casey gets out and tries to find the other girls. She finds Marcia dead with her stomach having been ripped open. Casey then finds Claire alive, but she gets dragged as The Beast starts chewing into her stomach. Casey finds the paper that Karen wrote on. It says Say his name - Kevin Wendell Crumb. The Beast finds Casey, but she repeatedly shouts his name, making him revert to normal. We briefly see a flashback of Kevin's mother yelling at him as a child by saying his full name and telling him he's made a mess. Present Day Kevin has no memory of what he's done as Casey tells him he killed Karen, Claire, and Marcia. He tells Casey there's a gun in one of the cabinets, and that she must kill him. The major identities start to take control all at once. Casey runs as The Beast starts to come back.Casey finds some shells and loads them into the gun. The Beast starts crawling up on the ceiling and starts taking out the lights, leaving Casey with no sight to shoot at him. The Beast attacks Casey, ripping her shirt and biting her leg, but she gets away. She closes herself in a cage and loads the gun with more shells. The Beast starts bending the bars to get in, but he then notices multiple scars on Casey's body. Another flashback shows Little Casey after her father's funeral, and John telling her he will be her new guardian. The Beast then proclaims that Casey is pure-hearted, and he leaves her alone.Not long after, a man goes downstairs and finds Casey. He carries her outside to safety. She looks around on the outside and sees many animals in an enclosure. Medics arrive and take Casey in.Kevin is somewhere by himself, with The Horde controlling him completely now. Patricia says that The Beast will protect them now.The last scene is in a diner where people are watching a news report on what Kevin did. The anchorwoman mentions how The Beast identity displays characteristics of the animals in the enclosure where he worked. A patron mentions that the case is similar to a man in a wheelchair from 15 years earlier. When she can't remember his name, someone next to her replies, Mr. Glass. We see that it is David Dunn (Bruce Willis; his character from Unbreakable in a surprise cameo). Fade out.
tags: insanity,  violence,  horror,  flashback, 

title: Devil
synopsis: The film begins with a person committing suicide by jumping from a building narrated by Ramirez (Jacob Vargas) who mentions that his mother tells him stories of the Devil roaming the earth, and it always begins with a suicide. Detective Bowden (Chris Messina) is called to the scene to aid in the investigation. Bowden is a recovering alcoholic devastated by the death of his wife and child in a hit-and-run accident by a driver who was never caught. As this is happening, five strangers, who have committed various crimes in the past, step onto an elevator located within the same building where the suicide has taken place.The five strangers include Ben Larson (Bokeem Woodbine), a temp security guard with a violent past; an elderly woman (Jenny O'Hara) who is a compulsive thief; Vince McCormick (Geoffrey Arend), a mattress salesman who moonlights as a con artist; Tony (Logan Marshall-Green), a former mechanic who served in the U.S. military during the War in Afghanistan who is now seeking employment within the building; and Sarah Caraway (Bojana Novakovic), a greed encompassed heiress meeting with her lawyer in the building.Strange things start to occur beginning with the elevator becoming stuck between floors. Then, after the lights go out, Sarah is inexplicably wounded on her back. The remaining occupants of the elevator quickly begin to suspect Vince of having committed the assault. Slowly, one by one, the five strangers start to die. Ramirez and his colleague also see a strange devil-like face appear on the screen of the security camera. First, Vince is killed by a shard of glass from a mirror which slices his jugular vein. Detective Bowden, sensing a connection between this and the man who earlier committed suicide in the same building, is compelled to further investigate. Checking the building's guest log, Bowden finds that only four people have missed their scheduled appointments that day: Sarah, Vince, Ben, and Janecowski. The investigators misinterpret the latter as Jane Cowski and assume this is the old woman's name, leaving Bowden suspicious of Tony who appears to be the only undocumented occupant.With the help of the building's security team, Bowden examines security footage and discovers that the old woman had stolen a wallet prior to entering the elevator. The office building's repairman is sent down the elevator shaft to fix it, but plummets to his death. During a power outage, the old woman is found hanging by the neck from an electrical cord dead, during the onslaught of the power and the gripping darkness a flash of an evil figure is seen. Sarah and Ben turn on Tony, while Bowden begins to suspect that Sarah's husband has hired Ben to kill her. A security guard inspects the basement and electrocutes himself attempting to secure a hot fallen wire. The lights go out again and Ben is dead with his neck completely twisted around. Each thinking the other must be responsible for the murders, Tony and Sarah prepare to fight each other with broken glass, but Bowden seemingly manages to calm them. As Sarah prepares to take out a shard of glass hidden in her back pocket, the lights once again go out and her throat is slashed. The mystery seems solved, when a tattooed woman arrives and informs Bowden that Tony is her fiance, and was at the building for a job interview. Only then is his full name revealed to be Tony Janecowski.The old woman suddenly rises as she is then suddenly taken by the devil and appears behind Tony. It is now apparent that she is the Devil who has taken a human form. Having dispensed of the others, The Devil tells Tony it's his turn to die and Tony accepts it, even offering to be taken instead of Sarah, who's still struggling to breathe. Detective Bowden watches through the CCTV as Tony confesses to killing two people in a drunken hit-and-run accident and showing that even though all the other people in the elevator have sinned it is he who truly represents the devil among them as his sin is so bad. Tony had been trying to grab another beer while driving and had not seen where was going. Tony says I'm so sorry. and Bowden had a car wash coupon that says I'm so sorry on the back. At which point the Devil is forced to spare him (as he confessed his sin and apologized for it) and disappears as the firemen finish breaking into the elevator. Detective Bowden realizes Tony is the one who killed his wife and son, but expresses his forgiveness en route to the police station following his arrest.The film ends with Ramirez telling the audience that his mother always reassured him at the end of her stories, If the Devil is real, God must also be real.
tags: murder,  paranormal,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  suspenseful, 

title: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
synopsis: The prologue, spoken by Galadriel, shows the Dark Lord Sauron forging the One Ring which he can use to conquer the lands of Middle-earth through his enslavement of the bearers of the Rings of Power powerful magical rings given to individuals from the races of Elves, Dwarves and Men. A Last Alliance of Elves and Men is formed to counter Sauron and his forces at the foot of Mount Doom, but Sauron himself appears to kill Elendil, the High King of Arnor and Gondor, and Gil-galad, High King of the Noldor. After Elendil falls his son, Isildur, grabs his father's broken sword Narsil, and slashes at Sauron's hand. The stroke cuts off Sauron's fingers, separating him from the Ring and vanquishing his army. However, because Sauron's life is bound in the Ring, he is not completely defeated until the Ring itself is destroyed. Isildur takes the Ring and succumbs to its temptation, refusing to destroy it, but he is later ambushed and killed by orcs and the Ring is lost in the River Anduin, into which Isildur fell.The Ring is found two-and-a-half millennia later, and eventually it comes to the creature Gollum, who takes it underground for five centuries, giving Gollum unnaturally long life. The Ring leaves him however, and is found by the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, much to the grief of Gollum. Bilbo returns to his home in the Shire with the Ring, and the story jumps forward in time sixty years. At his 111th birthday, Bilbo leaves the Ring to his nephew and adopted heir Frodo Baggins. The Wizard Gandalf soon learns it is the One Ring, and sends him to Bree with Sam, with plans to meet him there after Gandalf goes to Isengard to meet the head of his order, Saruman. Saruman reveals that the Nazgûl, or Ringwraiths, have left Mordor to capture the Ring and kill whoever carries it; having already turned to Sauron's cause, he then imprisons Gandalf atop Orthanc. Gandalf sees Saruman's ultimate plan; he has begun to destroy the forest surrounding Isengard for fuel to forge weapons for an army of large orcs, the Uruk-hai.Frodo and Sam are soon joined by fellow hobbits Merry and Pippin. After encountering a Ringwraith on the road, they manage to reach Bree, and there they meet a Man called Strider, who agrees to lead them to Rivendell. They agree only because Gandalf isn't there to guide them. After some travelling, they spend the night on the hill of Weathertop, where they are attacked by the Nazgûl at night. Strider fights off the Ringwraiths, but Frodo is grievously wounded with a morgul blade, and they must quickly get him to Rivendell for healing. While chased by the Nazgûl, Frodo is taken by the elf Arwen to the elvish haven of Rivendell, and healed by her father, Elrond.In Rivendell Frodo meets Gandalf, who explains why he didn't meet them at Bree as planned. In the meantime, there are many meetings between various peoples, and Elrond calls a council to decide what should be done with the Ring. The Ring can only be destroyed by throwing it into the fires (that is, lava) of Mount Doom, where it was forged. Mount Doom is located in Mordor, near Sauron's fortress of Barad-dûr, and will be an incredibly dangerous journey. Frodo volunteers to take the Ring to Mount Doom as all the others argue about who should or shouldn't take it. He is accompanied by his hobbit friends and Gandalf, as well as Strider, who is revealed to be Aragorn, the rightful heir to the throne of Gondor. Also travelling with them are the Elf Legolas, the Dwarf Gimli and Boromir, the son of the Steward of Gondor. Together they comprise the Fellowship of the Ring. The Fellowship set out and try to pass the mountain Caradhras, but they are stopped by Saruman's wizardry. They are forced to travel under the mountain through the Mines of Moria. After journeying partway through the Mines, Pippin accidentally gives away their presence to a band of orcs. The Fellowship then encounter a Balrog, an ancient demon of fire and shadow, at the Bridge of Khazad-dûm. Gandalf confronts the Balrog on the bridge, allowing the others to escape the mines, while he falls with the creature into the abyss below.The group flees to the elvish realm of Lothlórien, where they are sheltered by its rulers, Galadriel and her husband Celeborn. After resting, they decide to travel on the River Anduin towards Parth Galen. Before they leave, Galadriel gives Frodo the Phial of Galadriel. After landing at Parth Galen, Boromir tries to take the Ring from Frodo, who manages to escape by putting the Ring on his finger and vanishing. Knowing that the Ring's temptation will be too strong for the Fellowship, Frodo decides to leave them and go to Mordor alone. Meanwhile, the rest of the Fellowship are attacked by Uruk-hai, larger and stronger orcs that can withstand sunlight. Merry and Pippin, realizing that Frodo is leaving, distract the orcs, allowing Frodo to escape. Boromir rushes to the aid of the two hobbits but is mortally wounded by the orc commander Lurtz, and Merry and Pippin are captured. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli find Boromir, who regrets attempting to steal the Ring and dies. They decide to pursue the orcs and rescue the hobbits, leaving Frodo to his fate. Sam joins Frodo before he leaves, and together the two head to Mordor.
tags: mystery,  boring,  fantasy,  stupid,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  good versus evil,  action,  romantic, 

title: L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo
synopsis: In the opening credits, a person, unseen except for a black-leather gloves and wearing a dark coat, takes photos of a young woman walking the streets of Rome. The next day, the woman is found murdered. The third mysterious killing in several months.Sam Dalmas (Tony Musante) is an American writer currently living in Rome with his model girlfriend Julia (Suzy Kendall). Sam meets with Carlo (Renato Romano) who gives him a check for his most recent gig. But after two years of not writing anything, Sam is practically broke. He tells Carlos that he plans to leave Italy and return to the USA with Julia. On his way home that night, Sam passes a small art gallery where he witnesses the attack of a woman (Eva Renzi) by a mysterious black-gloved assailant dressed in a raincoat. Attempting to reach her, Sam is trapped between two mechanically-operated glass doors and can only watch as the villain makes his escape after stabing the woman.Eventually the police arrive and Sam discusses what he saw to Inspector Morosini (Enrico Maria Salerno). Sam says that he knows where was something odd about the scene, but he cannot place what's wrong about it. The police take Sam to the police station where they interrogate him all night. In the morning, Sam is permitted to leave, but Morosini takes his passport because he considers Sam an important witness and must not leave Italy. Morosini tells Sam that they have been three unresolved murders and that a dangerous maniac is loose in Rome. Sam phones the airport to cancel his airplane reservation and heads back to his apartment. On his way back, someone swings a meat cleaver at his head, but an elderly woman on the street warns him just in time. The black raincoat killer flees before Sam can identify him.Later that day, Sam goes back to the police station to report his attack and he is told that a black-leather glove was found at the crime scene and has been analyzed. Apparently, the attacker was left-handed and a smoker. Sam goes to the hospital to visit the woman who was attacked whom is Monica Ranieri (Eva Renzi), the wife of the gallery's owner Alberto Ranieri (Umberto Raho). Alberto asks Sam for a cigarette and Sam tosses his pack to Alberto who catches it with his left hand.A few days later, the unseen killer is seeking out additional women to kill by staking out the local racetrack. Meanwhile, Sam and Julia research the previous victims. Sam visits an antique shop where the first victim worked, and the flamboyantly gay owner tells Sam that a painting was sold that night of the woman's disappearance. The owner lets Sam borrow a black-and-white copy of the painting which consists of a woman being attacked in the snow of a local park.Morosini visits Sam at his home and tells him about the most recent murder and takes him to the police station. There, Morosini returns Sam's passport. By now, Sam has decided to stay and investigate the killings by himself. Morosini tells Sam that he will have a police detective follow the writer around for protection since the killer now is after him for seeing the attempt on Monica Ranieri. After Sam visits Alberto again at his home near the art gallery, Monica is there having returned home from the hospital and thanks him for saving her life. Next, Sam goes to a local prison where the second victim's pimp is there serving time where he asks information about the killer.That evening, Sam and Julia are walking down a dark street with the police detective tailing them, a black car appears and runs over the detective. While the black-clad unseen driver heads off, the car's passenger, a strange-looking man in a yellow jacket (Reggie Nalder) jumps out and pursues the couple with a gun. Julia gets away, but Sam is chased by both the yellow jacket assasin on foot and the black-jacket killer in the black car. After a chase through the streets and a local junkyard, Sam runs out onto a busy street. Sam realizes that the yellow jacket killer will not kill him with witnesses around, Sam then becomes the pursuer. But he loses the yellow jacket assasin who ducks into a hotel meeting room full of yellow jacket men.The next day, Sam visits the pimp in jail again who tells him that he knows a man who can help. Soon after, another man arrives at Sam's apartment and after he is given money, says he will contact Sam later to find out the idenity of the yellow jacket man who chased him. Then, the killer phones Sam and Julia at their apartment and threatens to kill them. The killer also phones the police station and taunts Morosini with planing to do more killings. Sam and Julia visit the police station where they listen to the recorded phone call where they hear a mysterious creaking sound in the background.The hired man returns to Sam's apartment and give him the name and address of the yellow-jacketed shooter. Sam goes to the small aparment of 'Needles', but finds the assasin dead from an apparent drug overdose. Later, Sam and Morosini are told by a voice annalyst that Sam's recorded call and an phone call to the police station placed to Morosini were made by two seperate people. Sam's friend Carlo hears the background noise and says that it sounds familiar. He takes the tape to listen some more. Meanwhile, the killer strikes again and kills another woman, named Tina, who returns to her apartment after an outing with her boyfriend.When Sam and Julia agree that things have gone too far for them, they make plans to return to America. But the next flight will not be until two days from now. Sam decides to visit the painter of the eerie painting, who lives in a run-down house on the outskirts of Rome. The eccentric artist tells Sam that he witnesses the event of the assault on the girl from over 10 years ago. Back in Rome, Julia is alone in Sam's apartment when the unseen killer pays her a threatening visit. Sam returns just in time, and Julia is saved, but the killer has already fled yet again.The next day, Carlo arrives where he tells them that he has finally identified the background noise on the tape which is the sound of a rare bird that can only live in Northern Siberia, and the only one that resides in Rome is in the local zoo. Sam and the police arrive at the zoo and realize that it is near the apartment of Alberto and Monica. When they burst into the apartment, the couple are struggling over a knife. When the police intervene, Alberto flees and falls out a window to his death on the street below. As he is dying after the fall, he admits to being the murderer.With the case apparently wraped up, Sam cannot find Julia who had run out of Alberto's apartment with Carlo and Monica. When Sam tracks them down to a small apartment a few blocks away (the same apartment the killer resides in), he finds Carlo dead and a bound and gagged Julia on the floor. Sam turns around and sees a snickering and wild-eyed Monica holding a knife. At this point, Sam finally remembers what he saw that night: it was not Monica being attacked but it was her husband Alberto trying to stop an attack on HIM! Sam chases Monica through the dark hallways and it leads right back to the art gallery where it all started. Monica drops a heavy sculpture down on Sam, pinning him to the floor. Before she can utilize her knife, the police arrive and subdue Monica.It is revealed by Inspector Morosini that Monica was a victim of a sexual assault and lived with the trauma of it for many years. In a transference-of-guilt, Monica imposed upon herself as the assailent and killed all those women as a way of re-enacting the assault on her and her loyal husband Alberto covered up for her and was the one trying to kill Sam to prevent him from finding out of his wife's murderous activities. With the case finally wraped up, Sam and Julia fly back to America.
tags: insanity,  suspenseful,  horror,  atmospheric, 

title: Darkest Night
synopsis: The story in Darkest Night unfolds as a Found footage (pseudo-documentary) documentary by a Filipino television journalist, Danny Valencia (Jonas Gruet). In what are purportedly his words, Danny writes that he created the film from videotape found at the site of a 2003 unsolved crime. The opening scene shows him and some workmen at the crime site, ruins of a mansion where a family disappeared.
Then, the video begins. On December 25, 2003, Michelle Espino (Issa Litton) and her husband, David (Allan Dale Alojipan), host their upscale family's Christmas Day reunion at their mansion in the mountains. Susan (Anne Gauthier) and American Ken Tyler (DJ Perry) are engaged after dating for months in Manila. They travel to the Espinos' home with Susan's live-in sister, Chelsea (Jill Palencia). When they arrive, Susan announces the engagement to the entire family and introduces Ken. An autistic cousin, Justin, a video camera savant, takes over videotaping from then on. (See Autism and Savant syndrome.)
After dinner, a mild earthquake jolts everyone, and the power goes out, plunging all into darkness. Everyone realizes that all batteries and electricity are useless except for Justin's video camera. A dense fog surrounds the mansion and the entire area. David goes out, walking toward a neighbor's house to seek information. Later, the television switches on by itself without power, showing a strange pagan ritual congregation with weird singing. Now more frightened, the family members try to guard each other. After several other family members die or disappear, Susan finds an old book bearing the French title “The Way of Baphomet and the motto Ensemble Toujours (Together Always). Soon, only Michelle, Steven, Susan and Ken are left. They realize the time is 9 am, and it's still dark outside. Susan discovers the French words Ensemble Toujours written on a wall. An upset Michelle rushes outside, finding a prowler. She shoots him, only to find David's grotesquely deformed body. Michelle then shoots herself dead.
Later, Susan, Ken and Steven gather in the kitchen. She shows them the old [Baphomet] book and demands an explanation from Steven. He tells them Michelle was into black magic, and the book was her Bible. She was able to learn powerful magic spells from the it. Many years ago, a cult from France worshiped the demon god Baphomet and practiced black magic on this very land. They all mysteriously disappeared on Christmas Day 1914. Steven confesses he and Michelle also had an affair. Michelle later told him she had found an easy way to ascend magically into heaven along with the whole family. Earlier, she had cast a spell on everyone there. However, these rites actually required human sacrifice, mutilation and torture. When Michelle realized her god had deceived her, she killed herself. Susan reads from the book that in the final rite a man and woman must wed, and then the bride has to castrate her groom.
Trying to break the magic spell, Susan leads them all in a seance, calling on Michael and requesting release. Michael appears and goes to Steven. Both disappear. Finally, Susan finds that Ken is dead too, and only she is left. She places her engagement ring on his finger with a ring she gave him. Then he vanishes like all the others. The television flickers on again. They see the pagan cult robed in white, gathering outdoors around an altar. Before all, Ken and Michelle make love. She proceeds to castrate him as a human sacrifice. The set then shows a picture of the entire family, robed and near the altar, without Susan and Justin. The scene slowly dissolves. A robed Susan and Justin now stand with the rest of the family.
In the final scene the journalist, Danny, is still among the original ruins with the work crew, as at first. Everyone gathers by a box they had found, and inside is the old French book, “The Way of Baphomet. On top of the book are the two rings together, Susan's and Ken's.
tags: dramatic,  suspenseful,  horror, 

title: 4-kyo-si Choo-ri-yeong-yeok
synopsis: When a student is stabbed at school, Jung Hoon (Yoo Seung Ho) is discovered at the scene of the crime by Da Jung (Kang So Ra). As a result these two form a team to uncover the murderer, but they must do this before the end of fourth period.Jung Hoon is a diligent and hard working student. Meanwhile Da Jung, often referred to as curtain girl, is often immersed in Crime novels. Two weeks prior during class, a student starts frothing from the mouth and collapses. As the class rush forward to aid him Da Jung is seen taking photos of the crime. It is later shown through gossiping that the student passed away.Tae Gyu is Jung Hoons rival, when he takes a photo of a girl without the girls permission, a fight ensues between him and Jung Hoon leaving them to serve detention. When the rest of the class goes to PE, the two are left alone. Jung Hoon leaves to go to the bathroom but as he returns he finds the body of Tae Gyu who has been repeatedly stabbed in the stomach. It is here that Da Jung finds him. As a result the two band together to discover the murderer before the end of Fourth period, before everyone returns to find the body. But soon they may discover that the muderer is willing to kill again to prevent being discovered.
tags: mystery,  suspenseful,  murder,  violence,  intrigue,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  romantic,  revenge, 

title: Death Machine
synopsis: In the near future, the controversial megacorporation Chaank Armament is the world's leading manufacturer of cutting-edge weapons and military hardware. Death Machine is set in the near future of 2003. A cybernetically-enhanced supersoldier codenamed Hard Man malfunctions and massacres the patrons of a roadside diner before being deactivated by Chaank security operatives led by John Carpenter. Public outcry ensues following the incident, the majority of it directed at the company's new Chief Executive Hayden Cale.
Chairman of the Board Scott Ridley, fearful of the potential termination of Chaank's contracts due to the bad publicity, tries to cover up the incident and the numerous issues with Hard Man project itself. Cale demands immediate and full public disclosure, having purposely leaked a number of Chaank documents to the press in defiance of Ridley's attempts to suppress knowledge about the company's shadier activities. She also demands that Jack Dante, Chaank's deranged weapons' designer and the developer of Project Hard Man, be fired. Despite Carpenter's acknowledgement of the project's numerous fatal flaws, the board ignores Cale's requests, no one seeming to care about her interests except for Dante himself. Cale is warned by a junior executive about Dante's unstable behavior and about Nicholson, the former's late predecessor. Cale goes to confront Dante, demanding to know about Dante's secret project in Vault 10, for which he never submits progress reports. Far from cooperative, Dante instead threatens Cale, makes unsettling advances towards her and displays detailed knowledge of her living situation, place of residence, and personal information. Cale asks Ridley for help, but he refuses while telling her that Nicholson took a similar interest in Dante's work and was killed in a mysterious accident resembling an animal mauling. During their confrontation, Cale manages to lift Ridley's access card so she can investigate on her own. Dante learns that Cale has the card and confronts Ridley, subsequently killing him with a mysterious weapon.
Meanwhile, a trio of eco-warriors, Raimi, Weyland, and Yutani infiltrate the Chaank headquarters in order to destroy its digitally stored assets and send the company into bankruptcy. Carpenter calls Cale after finding Ridley's mutilated body which had an implanted life-sign transmitter. She investigates and finds out that whatever killed him came from Vault 10. Taking matters into her own hands, she terminates Dante's employment and seals the vault. Dante is about to shoot her when the eco-warriors show up and take everyone hostage. They demand access to the building's secure area in order to destroy the company's digital bonds, but Cale refuses to cooperate. Raimi goes to their alternate plan to cut through the bulkhead leading to the containment area. Dante, sensing his chance, helps them by suggesting they cut through one of the vaults surrounding the containment instead, suggesting they start at vault 10.
Once the vault is open, Dante jumps in and activates his invention, called Frontline Morale Destroyer (aka 'Warbeast'), which promptly kills Weyland. Raimi flees, meeting up with Yutani and the subdued Cale and Carpenter. Dante broadcasts his demands over the monitor system, demanding that his employment be reinstated, and that Cale interface with him on a regular basis.
Raimi and Yutani cancel the operation and attempt to get out of the building, along with Carpenter and Cale. Carpenter is killed by the Warbeast inside of a lift. Later on, Raimi, Yutani and Cale get into the top floor of the building, which holds classified items, whose existence even Cale is unaware of. Among the classified items are the primary components of Project Hard Man, including advanced weaponry and armour. Raimi suits up and downloads the Hard Man data into his brain. Fighting off the Warbeast, he manages to it slow down enough to allow an escape via an outdoor service elevator. Yutani, however, is killed by the Warbeast after tripping and falling in front of it. Once Raimi and Cale make it back to the surface, they have an altercation with a police officer who is quickly killed by the Warbeast as it falls from the rooftop. It chases Cale and Raimi back into the building, and the former use to partially incapacitate the Warbeast; however the explosion knocks out Raimi. The machine takes Cale back to Dante. During their conversation, Raimi regains consciousness and subdues Dante. The two escape, and Hayden seals Dante inside of the vault with the Warbeast.
tags: cult,  horror,  humor,  satire,  action,  revenge,  entertaining,  sci-fi, 

title: The Blair Witch Project
synopsis: Three film students go to Burkittsville, Maryland to make a documentary on the Blair Witch legend. The director is Heather Donahue (Heather Donahue), her main cameraman is Joshua Leonard (Joshua Leonard) and Michael Williams (Michael C. Williams) is the sound crew. The three go missing, but a year later their footage is found in a bag inexplicably buried under an abandoned 100-year-old house.According to legend, the Blair Witch is the ghost of Elly Kedward of the late 1700s, whom several children accused of luring them into her home to draw blood from them. Kedward is found guilty of witchcraft, banished from the village during a particularly harsh winter, and presumed dead. By midwinter, all of Kedward's accusers, along with half of the town's children, vanish. Fearing a curse, the townspeople flee Blair and vow never to utter Elly Kedward's name again.In 1825, 11 witnesses testify to seeing a pale woman's hand reach up and pull ten-year-old Eileen Treacle into Tappy East Creek. Her body is never recovered, and for thirteen days after the drowning the creek is clogged with oily bundles of sticks. In 1886, eight-year-old Robin Weaver is reported missing and search parties are dispatched. Although Weaver returns, one of the search parties does not. Their bodies are found weeks later at Coffin Rock tied together at the arms and legs and disemboweled. In 1941, starting with Emily Hollands, a total of seven children are abducted from the area surrounding Burkittsville. A hermit named Rustin Parr walks into a local market and tells the people there that he is finally finished. After the police hike for four hours to his secluded house in the woods, they find the bodies of seven missing children in the cellar. Each child has been ritualistically murdered and disemboweled. Parr admits to everything in detail, telling authorities that he did it for an old woman ghost who occupied the woods near his house. He is quickly convicted and hanged.The three filmmakers interview the country bumpkin types of Burkittsville, who seem equally enjoying being on camera and mystified as to why they'd want to make this film. Heather interviews Mary Brown (Patricia DeCou), an elderly and quite insane woman who has lived in the area all her life who claims to have seen the Blair Witch one day near Tappy Creek in the form of a hairy, half-human, half-animal beast. Two anglers tell Heather that Coffin Rock is less than 20 minutes from town, and the three decide to make the woods of the Blair Witch the centerpiece of their film.After enjoying a drunken night at their motel, Heather, Josh, and Mike park and go into the woods with a map of the logging trail. After hiking a few miles into woods that seem far larger than they'd appeared from the outside, they film the creek where the Coffin Rock massacre occurred. Satisfied with their footage, the three set up their tent when it starts to rain. They remain in high spirits through the night, despite Mike's flatulence. The next morning, Joshua claims he heard strange noises during the night, one of them he's determined was cackling.Consulting their map, the team decide to press on further into the woods in search of an old graveyard, but Josh and Mike are a little concerned about the accuracy of Heather's map reading, having gotten them a bit lost the previous day. They set off, still in high spirits, kidding with each other and generally enjoying their weekend. While Heather remains confident that they are on the right trail and that they will reach the graveyard in an hour and a half, it soon becomes clear that they are in fact lost, and tensions begin to mount, both men resenting that Heather continues to film while they're lost. They press on, braving an arduous river crossing over a log bridge. They soon come across a clearing where they find strange piles of rocks neatly stacked on the ground. Heather recalls something that Mary Brown had said about a pile of rocks in the Bible, but can't remember exactly what it is. They find seven piles of stones in all.That night, they build a fire and cook food, some of the tensions having dissipated a little. During the night, Heather takes them back to the rocks to film more footage, and one of them knocks over a pile of rocks. Later still, the trio hears strange noises from the woods and they set off to investigate. Something is clearly moving around them, but Mike refuses to leave the tent to help look for it. Next morning, it's raining harder than ever and the trio discuss the events of the night before. Josh suggests that the noises were caused by local rednecks and Mike agrees, worrying that if someone was prepared to come this far out into the woods just to spook them, they must be seriously disturbed.The group decides to head back for the car, Heather continuing to insist that she knows where they're going. As the day progresses and they fail to find their way back to the car, tensions again start to run high and, as the day turns into evening, Heather suggests that they camp for the night. Mike is starting to get increasingly stressed by their predicament, though Heather maintains that they aren't far from where they left the car.That night, they are again disturbed by strange noises around them in the dark. They again go outside to see what's causing it, and hear what seems to be trees being knocked over and other strange sounds. Josh suggests that it's probably deer, but Heather isn't so sure, noting that it's on all sides of us and that the sounds are like footsteps.Next morning, they find three piles of rocks that have mysteriously appeared overnight surrounding their tent. Heather films them, to the dismay of Mike and Josh, who just want to get home. But things are about to get worse: The map has disappeared. While it had been in Heather's trousers the night before, it's gone now, and the two men deny having seen it. They are now completely lost and have no way of finding their way back to the car. Josh implies that Heather has deliberately lost or hidden it to keep them all in the woods to complete her movies. Unwilling to give up, the trio follow the creek, hoping that it will eventually lead them somewhere. Josh reasons that someone will start looking for them when they don't return.They come to a river which again proves difficult to cross, and already-frayed tempers are stretched almost to the breaking point, with Mike now behaving even less rationally than ever. Heather is angry that the men are laughing at her when her shoes become waterlogged, and a near-hysterical Mike admits that he threw the map into the creek as he felt it was useless. Mike and Josh nearly come to blows and Heather screams abuse at Josh, becoming even more hysterical than Mike. The relationship between the three is now completely broken down, and they waste time arguing over who is going to hold the compass and apportioning blame. Eventually, after continuing south for a while, Mike and Josh simply stop and refuse to go any further. But in a nearby clearing, Mike finds strange stick figures hanging from trees, dozens of them, some in the shapes of strange runic symbols, others clearly meant to represent human forms. Heather films the totems for a while before Mike and Josh demand that they leave the area. Mike screams hysterically for help, reasoning that rednecks have followed them and fashioned the figures.That night, they decide not to light a fire and to extinguish all lights in the hope that it won't give away their position and hence won't attract attention, yet they are again all woken by strange sounds, including what appears to a baby screaming. As they are listening, their tent starts shaking. All three flee into the night, still filming everything as they go; they spend the rest of the night cowering together in the darkness.At daybreak they return to the tent, where Josh finds that all of his belongings have been scattered around the clearing and are covered with a strange, slimy substance. They also find another of the wooden stick figures fashioned from twigs and vines. Finally sickened by her insistent filming of everything, Mike attacks Heather and tries to get her precious video camera away from her.They again press on and Josh seems to be on the verge of losing it, becoming moody and depressed, wandering off to sit on his own. Mike and Heather forge an uncomfortable alliance, trying to hold the group together. Mike argues that whatever is stalking them will return and that they must keep moving, while Heather maintains that it's simply impossible for someone to simply vanish in America. Later, they come to a river and, panic-stricken, realise that it's the same river they struggled across the previous day, i.e., they've been going around in circles. Mike rushes off ranting angrily while Heather collapses in tears. They're now desperate and have no idea where they should go; they've been heading south all day and they've simply ended up where they started from and Heather has no explanation for it. Josh's anger and frustration finally boils over and, turning the camera on Heather, taunts her about her ambition and obsession that has led to them being lost, cold, and hungry. Mike tries to calm things down, but Josh persists and torments Heather until she again breaks down in tears.Night falls again and they are forced to sleep in pretty much the same place as they slept the night before. They're now too tired and emotional to fight any more, and as they discuss the food they miss the most, Heather repairs a hole in Mike's jeans.Next morning, Heather and Mike wake to find that Josh has vanished. They search the area around the campsite, but there's no sign of him. Mike believes that Josh has simply gone off for some time alone, but even after they've packed up and broken down the tent, there's no sign of him. Totally demoralised and very disturbed, Heather and Mike move on, trying to keep each others spirits up. Night again falls and they again wake to strange noises in the woods, including what seem to be Josh's agonised screams. They stumble around in the dark looking for him, but there's no sign of him and it's impossible to tell which direction the screaming is coming from.At daybreak, Heather finds a strange bundle of sticks held together with twine on the ground outside the tent, which she nervously picks up and tosses away. Heather and Mike are now just too exhausted to move on, and spend the rest of the morning comforting each other. Later, Heather finds another of the bundles of twigs, this time with something inside. She opens it and finds a piece of the fabric from Josh's shirt wrapped around hair, an unidentifiable piece of viscera, and what appears to be teeth, all bloodied. Heather breaks into hysterics, rushes to the nearby stream and washes her hands before putting on her pack and joining Mike on another fruitless hike through the woods. Their meanderings are becoming ever more random and directionless as their mental states rapidly collapse. Mike is even driven to eating dry leaves to help alleviate his hunger.That night, Heather videotapes a confessional, apologising to her mother and to Mike and Josh's parents for her naivety and accepting full blame for what has happened on the ill-fated expedition. She realises that her dogmatism and pig-headedness are what has led them to where they are. Later in the dead of night, they again hear Josh's voice, closer this time, pleading for someone to help him, and they abandon the tent to go in search of him.Following Josh's voice, Heather and Mike find a derelict house in a clearing and go inside, where they see runic symbols on the wall next to child-sized handprints. Josh's voice seems to be coming from somewhere inside the house, and Mike rushes upstairs in search of Josh. Mike then realizes that the voice is now in fact coming from the basement, and rushes down the steps. Suddenly, Mike is rendered silent and the camera falls. A hysterical Heather follows and sees Mike in the corner of the room, face against the wall. Suddenly Heather's camera is knocked down and she too is rendered silent. The film runs for a few seconds. then dies.
tags: dark,  comedy,  boring,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  tragedy,  suspenseful, 

title: Aenigma
synopsis: At St. Mary's College, a boarding school for girls located just outside Boston, Massachusetts, a lonely, gaunt, unattractive student, named Kathy (Milijana Zirojevic), becomes the center of a cruel practical joke perpetrated by a gang of students and the hunky, but sadistic gym teacher, Fred Vernon (Riccardo Acerbi). Kathy is tricked into going on a date with Mr. Vernon, but when she over eagerly makes her move onto him in his parked car in the woods, the students appear in their cars to taunt her. Running away from several carloads of her tormentors, Kathy runs onto a busy street where she immediately gets hit by an oncoming car and is admitted to the local hospital in a coma. Kathy's strange mother, Mary, continues to gloom around the school in her capacity as a cleaner.
Some time later, a new girl named Eva Gordon (Laura Naszinski), arrives at the school where she is shown around by the stern headmistress Miss Jones, and given Kathy's old room. Eva becomes acquainted with several of the perpetrators of the stunt. It is soon revealed (to the viewers only) that Eva is Kathy. Eva has somehow been possessed by the spirit of the comatose Kathy who begins using supernatural powers of telekinesis and magic to exact revenge against all those involved in the prank that put her in a coma. The first victim is Mr. Vernon, whom asks Eva on a date. That night while waiting for Eva to show up at the gym for their secret rendezvous, the narcissist Mr. Vernon is attacked and strangled by his own reflection when it jumps out of a mirror. The following morning, the police detective on the scene (director Lucio Fulci) concludes that Mr. Vernon died of a heart attack.
The following night, Virginia Williams (Kathi Wise), one of the students involved in the prank against Kathy, is attacked in her bed and suffocated to death by an onslaught of snails that appear and then disappear. Again the police do not have any explanation for the mysterious death.
Meanwhile, the neurologist in charge of Kathy's case, Dr. Robert Anderson (Jared Martin), notices that Kathy's vital signs increase in step with each of the mysterious deaths at the school. But he cannot make a connection to it. The next morning, Dr. Anderson is called to the school to examine Eva when she has a violent breathing fit during a class. During that same time, Kathy's respirator temporally breaks down which leads to Eva's respirtory attack, but nobody makes any connection to it. Afterwards, the strange Eva comes on strong to Dr. Anderson, leading him to ask her on a date where afterwards she seduces him.
During a field trip to a local art gallery, Grace, another one of Kathy's tormenters, returns to the gallery when it closes to search for a valuable piece of jewelry that she left behind on the day visit. A marble statue comes to life and falls down on her, crushing her to death.
Dr. Anderson starts to become more apprehensive about the intense Eva. One evening, he suffers a horrible nightmare where she kills him after sex. He's relieved when Eva's mother arrives at the school to take her home for some rest. Eva begins to write obsessive love notes to him, but he brushes them off. Soon, Anderson becomes involved with another girl, named Jenny Clark (Ulli Reinthaler), the only student who shows any remorse for the prank gone wrong against Kathy.
Eva runs away from home and returns to the school after dark. Eva sets her eyes on Kim (Sophie D'Aulan), one of Kathy's cruelest tormenters. As Kim is preparing to meet her boyfriend, Tim, for a date, Eva makes Kim see horrific visions of Tim being decapitated at every turn. Kim suffers an anxiety attack and in attempting to flee from the gory visions, plummets out of a third floor window to her death. Tim arrives seconds later, looks out an open window, and sees Kim lying dead on the pavement below. Tim is decapitated when Eva commands the window blind to fall down on his neck. Eva quietly leaves the building while Kathy's mother, Mary, watches from a distance.
At the hospital, Jenny arrives for a late-night date with Dr. Anderson, when she gets lost in the gloomily lit building, thanks to Eva using Kathy's magic skills of mind bending. Jenny ends up in the morgue where she encounters Eva. The possessed girl grabs a scalpel and threatens to kill Jenny for taking away her man, but Anderson arrives in time to intercept the slash of the scalpel, but gets badly slashed on his forearm. As Eva rises the scalpel to stab them both, she suddenly freezes, gasps for a few seconds, and falls to the floor dead.
Upstairs in Kathy's hospital room, her mother has pulled out all her intravenous drips, removed the respirator and turned off the life support systems. Appalled at the supernatural malice of her comatose daughter, Mary has somehow figured out of Kathy's connection to Eva and has decided to put her daughter to rest. Kathy's soul rises out of her body as a bright blue light, floats out a nearby window, and disappears into the night sky.
tags: suspenseful,  cruelty,  murder,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sadist,  prank, 

title: Kill List
synopsis: A poorly executed job in Kiev has left Jay mentally scarred, a soldier turned hitman, is now pressured by his partner, Gal, into taking a new assignment. As they get to the final hit, Jay begins to unravel once again - his paranoia sending him deep into the heart of darkness.
Hitmen Jay and Gal haven't had a job for about 8 months, Jay is married to Shel and has a son around the age of 10 called Sam. Gal isn't married but does have a mysterious looking girlfriend, Fiona. Prior to the dinner they have together at Jay's, Shel and Jay argue frequently as Jay can't pay for things as he isn't working, or hasn't got a job as such.
During the dinner they have together Shel and Jay have another argument, shouting in the kitchen as Fiona sits awkwardly at the table, Gal goes upstairs to explain to Sam how his parents will still be together even though they are arguing at each other. A few drinks later and Shel and Jay are good again, laughing and cuddling outside with Gal whilst he sits back into his chair to relax. However during this scene Fiona is nowhere to be seen,instead she is in the house in the bathroom upstairs looking into the mirror. She then takes the mirror off and carves a cross with a triangle on it, the image first shown at the start of the film. She then picks up the tissues Jay used to wipe his cut whilst shaving in the morning and places them in her bra, hanging up the mirror and then leaving.
The dinner was so that Gal and Jay could talk about the new job they had got, they would meet up with the person who demanded their services and that would be that. The Client cuts Jay on the palm and also cuts his, signing his paper with the blood from each hand.
The first victim on the kill list is known as The Priest, easily enough the two wait for him to walk back into his office where they have covered everything, 'Turn around' Jay says pointing a gun at him, he does so and replies 'Thank you', as Jay puts a bullet through his head.
The next is The Librarian, Jay and Gal catch him walking out of a lock up and wait for him to leave before going inside to check out what The Librarian has to hide, it turns out to be a 'Wank bank' as Gal turns the computer on to his disgust, Jay then watches too, his expression one of disgust and of no mercy. The next day the two go to The Librarian's house, punching and knocking him to the floor as they enter and Gal close the door. They sit him down as he says 'There must be a case of mistaken identity', but no, Jay asks him about the videos and who films them, after a beating The Librarian gives them a location, also telling Gal where his safe is. As Gal goes to open the safe, The Librarian says to Jay 'He (referring to Gal) doesn't know who you are'. Jay looks at him confused, as he opens his toolkit and takes out a hammer and smashes The Librarians knee. In the safe Gal finds money, and then a folder, with multiple files in it, Jay then smashes the hand of The Librarian before placing his head on the table and standing in front of him with a hammer. 'Thank you, thank you' The Librarian says as Jay repeatedly slams the hammer into his head. After this Jay tells Gal they're going to the address he gave them, where Jay kills all the film crew in a gory manner.
The last name on the kill list, is an MP. Before they go to kill him Shel makes Jay an appointment for his hand as it has become infected from the cut. He meets The Doctor, who does anything but look at his hand, asks Jay about what he does day to day and if he's stressed. He then says something along the lines of 'The past is forgotten, the future is yet to come, but what we do now is a moment' to Jay. Later at home, Jay is laying on his sofa as he takes two pills, Shel then calls him, where he finds their pet cat wrapped up in string hanging in front of the front door. Gal comes round and talks to Shel, telling her that Jay needs help and that they should stop with the job. The next day Gal and Jay meet with The Client who says if they don't go through with the killings then their families will be killed, Gal asks why theses people needed to be killed to which The Client replies 'A new formation'.
Gal and Jay camp out in the woods with a view of the house, however as they get ready to watch as night falls, they are faced with a different kind of problem.
A group of men and women walk through the woods with torches, some naked and others in robes, all with masks made out of straws. One woman has a thorn crown which has been pulled down her face to cover her eyes causing them to bleed. Gal and Jay follow them to an area surrounded by torches and a noose attached to a wooden structure. A woman walks up in a beautiful dress and places the noose around her neck, she then waves before kicking the stool she stood on, as she struggles all the cult members clap. Jay then decides he that enough is enough and opens fire, all the members chase after the two who are now running through the woods trying to escape.
Gal finds an entrance to a network of tunnels which the pair take, running through the pair get split up and Gal Kills a few with his trusted shotgun, however one member catches him by surprise jumping on him and stabbing him in the stomach even though Gal then shoots him in the head. Jay finds Gal bleeding out, and carries him for a while, however Gal tells him to leave, and we see Jay walk out of the forest area the two arrived in. In the car Jay has flashbacks of the memories he had with Gal, whilst picking at the infected cut on his hand. He returns to Shel and Sam, who aren't in their previous house. As Gal looks to the window he can see flames burning. He then runs outside and shoots randomly, running back inside and giving Shel the gun. He then goes out, trying to find whoever is out there. Shel sits in a room, waiting for anyone to walk in, with a gun she shoots the first person twice and then kills another.
The camera then finds Jay, on the floor without his shirt on, someone then places a straw mask on his face as he stands up, he finds himself surrounded by the cult members in a circle. Opposite him stands another, covered in a white sheet, somewhat crippled. He is then given a knife and they fight each other. Jay's expertise comes out as he is able to slash at his opponent and repeatedly stabs them in the back once they have fallen to the floor to secure the kill.
He then stands up, removing his mask and moving to see who he has just killed, removing his opponents mask he finds his wife, bleeding and then laughing as blood flows out of her mouth, he then moves to remove the cloth and finds his son, who he had unknowingly stabbed furiously, now dead. He stands their, paralysed. The cult masters remove their masks, revealing The Doctor Jay had seen, The Client and Fiona. The Client places a crown atop Jay's head, as he stands there, victor of the battle, killer of his wife and child.
tags: mystery,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback, 

title: Night of the Demons
synopsis: Some dumb teenagers are celebrating Halloween big time; one of them, with a piggy mask, for no apparent reason, decides to show off his huge naked rear to an elderly man (Harold Ayer) who is slowly going back to his home. The old man swears about the teenagers. Somebody is lurking in the shadows and approaching him: it's a handsome young man who scares him with a fake rat. With the scare, all the convenience store items which the old man has bought, fall to the ground. A pretty female teenager offers to help the old man, but he scares her away with a torrent of insults; when he is left alone, the old man laughs threateningly, saying that all the damn children will be sorry, and he picks up first a red apple and then some Gillette razor blades.The girl, Judy (Cathy Podewell) arrives home in anger and slams the door. She asks her mother (Karen Ericson) whether Jay (Lance Fenton) has called her, and her mother says he didn't. Sal (William Billy Gallo) has been the one who called, but Judy is not interested in him. When Jay finally does call, he tells her that her efforts to get money for the poor are useless and that they have changed their plans to enjoy the night, so that they will go to Angela (Amelia Mimi Kinkade)'s party instead. Judy dislikes Angela, but she finally changes herself and decides to go. Jay tells her that they will go to Hull House. While she is undressing, Judy's little brother Billy (Donnie Jeffcoat Jr.) scares her with a monster's mask, jumping from inside her closet. He mocks her boobs, and goes to unlock the door: somebody has rung the bell. When he opens it up, nobody is there. A side door opens, and it's Sal who scares the boy. He tells the boy to call Judy, but he tells the news: Judy is going out with Jay. Sal leaves for Hull House with the boy's monster mask.Meanwhile, Angela steals a sackful of things from the local convenience store while her friend, sexy bombshell Suzanne (Linnea Quigley) distracts the male shop clerks (James W. Quinn & Clark Jarrett) showing them her panties. Jay picks Judy up. The piggy boy, nicknamed Stooge (Hal Havins) causes his two friends, Rodger (Alvin Alexis) and sensible Helen (Allison Barron) - who was driving - to blow a tire out. Fortunately, they are already very close to Hull House. The girl says that nobody would organize a party in such a place, but Stooge says that everything is OK. The car full of party-goers mock the stranded teenagers. They arrive to Hull House, which used to be a funeral parlour. They comment that a family member got mad and he killed all his relatives and then committed suicide. The place has been the theme for boogeyman stories to the local children and horror legends for years and years.Judy, Jay, Max (Philip Tanzini) and Frannie (Jill Terashita) are the first to arrive, but the place is cold, dark, shrouded in mist and looks deserted. Max mentions that there is a river underground, and that the high wall was built to keep evil spirits away, as they can't cross water. He also points that nothing can be heard, not even crickets. Somebody is watching them from behind the window.Jay wants to hide inside a coffin to scare the stranded friends, who have just arrived; when he opens the lid, Sal is inside wearing Billy's monster mask, scaring Jay. The party begins right away. When the batteries of the radio become dead, Angela proposes to celebrate a seance. They push Rodger and Stooge into another room, and they find a huge mirror. Rodger looks dizzy about that. Rodger is the only one who doesn't sit in front of the mirror. When they all - except Rodger - concentrate, the mirror's image fades to black. Helen sees the head of a monster, and also the severed head of a man who looks like a pirate pushed against the mirror. Helen panics and starts whimpering, while the mirror falls to the ground. They all look to the pieces of broken window glass, and some knocks are heard. Nobody has invited anybody else, but Suzanne (Linnea Quigley) wishes that a good-looking stud appears. Judy thinks that the thuds come from the basement. There, the monster Helen saw pushes open a vault-like door.Nobody can see the monster moving: it's become a powder which gets into Suzanne. Angela recognizes the signs of devil's possession: a stench, sudden cold and an unexpected breeze. Everybody disregards her opinion. Suddenly, there is a perfume of roses. Angela says that the house is not haunted from ghosts but possessed by a devil. Rodger and Helen want to leave, but they have no car. Suzanne gives them Angela's car keys. After they leave, Jay and Judy want to investigate the house to find some private place. Suzanne stays with Stooge and Sal. Stooge and Suzanne leave together, and Suzanne enters a room. She bangs the door on Stooge's face, who is scared by the sudden wind and breaks his flashlight.Frannie and Max want to leave Jay and Judy alone, but she is not in the mood for sex, as the house scares her deeply. Meanwhile, Helen and Rodger can't find the door in the wall which they entered through. Helen thinks that they are all already dead and that they have gone to hell. She suddenly disappears, and Rodger gets scared. The house calls his name, so he locks himself inside a car.Jay is trying to convince Judy to have sex with him, but they argue because Judy went out with Sal once. Jay leaves in anger, leaving Judy locked inside the room.Stooge hasn't realized so far that Suzanne has become a monster. Angela is with Sal, and she contorts like an animal in heat. Music blasts from the radio. Sal tries to leave, and comes across Stooge, who takes Sal's place and kisses Angela, who bites off his tongue.Jay finds Suzanne, who is applying make-up to herself as usual, but he says he wants to go home. Suzanne's demon voice (James W. Quinn) argues that he's already at home. Jay comes back to Suzanne, who seduces and kills him. Meanwhile, Sal finds Angela burning her hands. Sal tries to run away.Rodger wakes up in the car, but he leaves it when he sees the dead body of Helen. Suzanne blinds Jay because he tells him to stop staring at her. Monster Stooge attack Frannie and Sal, who were doing it in the coffin. Stooge breaks Frannie's neck and encloses her with Sal. Angela welcomes Rodger back into the house, who bumps onto Sal.Monster Stooge tries to get to Judy, but can't. Finally, Sal frees Judy, who hugs him. They run away from Angela and find Suzanne, who is still holding to Jay, and propose an orgy. Judy runs away, but all the doors close in front of her. She decides to run upstairs.Judy reaches the rooftop. As Stooge approaches, she has to go there. Judy finally falls down - we can see Jay completely dead - and falls on top of Rodger. Stooge threatens them. When they run away from him, they see Angela - they also see Sal Romero's tomb, who died on this Halloween night. They run through corridors and corridors, with Angela floating after them.They reach the basement and find the vault. Rodger proposes to pray, but Judy says she has been praying all night. They get inside and leave devilish Angela and Stooge outside, threatening them. They are about to unscrew all the screws of the vault, but Judy has an idea: she creates a flame-thrower. That gives them the opportunity to run and leave the vault.However, when they are about to pry open the door, Jay appears, threatening Judy especially. Angela and Jay join sides, and move menacingly towards them. Rodger jumps through a window; Judy follows through. As there is no door in the wall, they have to climb it. For Judy, it's a difficult task, so Rodger goes first and then tries to pull her above the wall. He finally has to let go of her, when all the dead people appear. Finally, Rodger saves her, going up onto the wall again, just when she is about to give in. All the dead monsters, including the first one, turn to dust, because the sun is rising.When Rodger and Judy are dragging their feet back home it's already the morning of the following day. They go past the house of the old man at the beginning of the film, and he mutters that they are disgusting people who are coming back from a party. The old man picks up his newspaper and goes back in his home. There, his wife (Marie Denn) has already prepared him his breakfast. He grumbles that there's nothing nice about the day, and that the food is not bad.They talk, and the wife says that she's been awake for hours, so that she decided to make some home-made apple pie as he bought so many. At that moment, the old man stops eating. He feels something strange: his neck is cut open from the inside, and one of the razor blades slides outside among a spring of blood. The old man dies a painful death. His wife / widow approaches him and kisses him on his head tenderly, wishing him a happy Halloween and it cuts to the credits.
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: The Innocents
synopsis: The film begins by showing a pair of clasped hands, and a woman's voice is heard, whispering that all she ever wanted was to help the children, not hurt them, and that more than anything, she loves children.In the first scene, Miss Giddens (Deborah Kerr) is applying for a job as a governess. It is her first position, but the wealthy bachelor interviewing her (Michael Redgrave) is unconcerned with her lack of experience. He values his freedom to travel and socialize and unabashedly confesses that he has no room, mentally or emotionally for his niece and nephew, who were orphaned and left in his care as infants. His previously employed governess, Miss Jessel, died suddenly less than a year ago and he is desperate to find someone else to teach the children and keep them company. He says that all he cares about is that she accepts full responsibility for the children and does not trouble him with whatever problems may arise. Miss Giddens is instantly charmed by her suave employer and promises to do her best, assuring him that she loves children above all else and that she has an imagination, making her ideal to work with children.Upon arriving at Bry, the sprawling English estate where The Uncle keeps the children, Miss Giddens hears a woman's voice calling for Flora, the little girl. Moments later, she meets Flora, and is instantly taken with the bright, quirky child. She also forges a fast friendship with Mrs. Groce (Megs Jenkins), the kindly housekeeper. The boy, Miles, is away at boarding school, though Flora delightedly insists her brother is coming home. Sure enough, Miss Giddens receives a letter saying that Miles has been expelled from school because of his bad influence on the other boys. Mrs. Groce says she can't imagine Miles being a bad influence, and when Miss Giddens meets the boy herself, she too feels sure his teachers must have exaggerated. Apart from evading all her questions about his experience at school, she finds Miles as enchanting as Flora. At first he seems polite, composed, and mature -- perhaps even too mature, with his flirtatious flattery toward the pretty Miss Giddens.While tending to the rose bushes the next day, Miss Giddens sees the shadowy figure of a man standing atop one of Bry's towers. When she climbs the stairs to investigate she finds only Miles, playing with the pigeons, who insists he saw no one.On a rainy day Miss Giddens forgoes the day's schooling to play hide-and-seek with the restless children. While searching for them, she sees a woman cross the hall in front of her and disappear. Searching the attic, she stumbles across a photograph of a darkly handsome man, and is gazing at it when Miles sneaks up on her and wrestles her playfully. Miss Giddens tells him to stop, that he is hurting her, but he doesn't stop until Flora bursts in on them and tells Miss Giddens to go hide. She goes to hide downstairs behind the curtains, and through the window she sees a man leering at her. The figure is gone by the time Mrs. Groce comes to investigate her screams. When describing the man to Mrs. Groce, Miss Giddens realizes the man in the window was the same she saw in the photograph. Mrs. Groce explains that the man in the photograph is Peter Quint, who served as valet there before he died, presumably of head trauma from tripping on the stairs outside. She mentions that Miles was intensely devoted to Quint, that he absolutely worshipped him and trailed him everywhere like a dog, much as Flora latched onto Miss Jessel.Miss Giddens is yet more disturbed when she sees a mysterious woman from across the pond. She is certain that Flora can see her as well, though the little girl evades her questions. When Miles recites a monologue invoking a lost lord to rise from the grave, Miss Giddens believes this confirms that the children are possessed, and presses Mrs. Groce for more information about Peter Quint and Miss Jessel. Mrs. Groce reluctantly tells her that the two were entangled in a perverse relationship: Quint was physically and emotionally abusive to Miss Jessel, but the more he beat and scorned her the more she seemed to adore him. They were also obscenely indiscreet with their relations, performing sexual acts in plain sight of the other servants and even the children. After Quint's fatal accident, far from being relieved by her tormentor's death, Miss Jessel went into a deep depression and, as Mrs. Groce grudgingly reveals after days of prompting from Miss Giddens, soon drowned herself in the lake where Miss Giddens believes she saw her.Miss Giddens rapidly develops her theory of the children's possession by their former caretakers. She confides to Mrs. Groce that she believes the ghosts of Quint and Miss Jessel inhabit the bodies of the children so they can carry on with their sexual acts. The behaviors she once found charming and precocious in the children she now finds suspicious and unnerving, but is determined to rescue them from this hell she is sure they are trapped in. She tells Mrs. Groce that she must go to see the children's uncle to tell him of the haunting, insisting, before Mrs. Groce can even accuse her of such motives, that this is not a subconscious trick to get the handsome uncle to notice her.However, when Miss Giddens is about to leave, she sees Miss Jessel again, sobbing. Miss Giddens changes her mind then, afraid to leave the children alone with their tormentors. That night from the dark hall she hears unearthly noises, including malicious laughter from the children. When she checks on Flora she finds her at the window, and Flora says there is someone down in the garden. It turns out to be Miles. When Miss Giddens crossly sends him to bed, he cheerfully tells her that he was out of bed because he was afraid he was becoming boring, being so well-behaved, and hoped to impress her with this small act of rebellion. Miss Giddens then finds a dead pigeon under his pillow, its neck having been snapped. Miles says he plans to bury it the next day, and before Miss Giddens leaves, he kisses her goodnight, deeply and passionately on the lips as a grown man would.The next day, Miss Giddens writes a letter to the children's uncle, and while she is writing it Flora sneaks off. Miss Giddens finds her dancing with an imaginary (or invisible) partner down by the lake. While she is asking Flora how she rowed across the lake by herself, Miss Giddens again sees the figure of Miss Jessel staring mournfully at them from across the lake. Convinced that the children will be freed from the possession if they will only admit what is happening to them and who is doing it, Miss Giddens frantically begs Flora to admit that Miss Jessel is there. Flora begins to scream and cry, calling Miss Giddens wicked and insane. Mrs. Groce comes to investigate and escorts the child to bed. Hours later, Flora is still hysterical, and when Mrs. Groce finally leaves her bedside, she says she can't imagine where Flora learned such obscenities. Mrs. Groce then says that she did not see the figure at the lake and that the children were sweet and well-behaved until Miss Giddens came. Though deeply hurt that her one ally now doubts her sanity, Miss Giddens reminds Mrs. Groce that the uncle left her in charge and orders her to take Flora away and tells the other servants to leave. She feels certain that Miles is on the brink of confessing his ordeal to her and that she must be left completely alone with him. She cannot find her letter to the uncle, and accepts that Miles must have stolen it. When Mrs. Groce asks what she is to tell their uncle, Miss Giddens responds that of course she must tell him the truth, and Mrs. Groce agrees sadly, clearly intending to tell the uncle of Miss Giddens' instability.That night when alone with Miles, Miss Giddens tries to get him to talk about the ghosts, but he is his usual glib self. She then asks again why he was expelled from school, and Miles eventually admits that he frightened the other boys with his strange outbursts of violence and vulgar language. Miss Giddens asks repeatedly who he learned this language and behavior from, tearfully promising that all she wants is to help him, that her caring nature demands her to help others even if it hurts them. She soon pushes Miles too far, and he begins yelling that she is nothing but a hussy and laughs maniacally. While he is ranting, Miss Giddens sees Peter Quint's face appear in the window behind him, joining in the boy's laughter. Miles then hurls Flora's beloved pet turtle through the window and runs outside. As Miss Giddens chases him, he trips on the stairs outside and hits his head. Miss Giddens catches up to him and cradles him gently, and he whimpers humbly for her to forgive him. She tells him it's not his fault, that all he has to do is say his name and it will all be over, she alone will have him. Miles tries to run away in horror but she catches him and will not stop begging him to say the name. She sees Peter Quint appear standing on the hedge beside them, but Miles does not seem to see him and is screaming that she is insane. He finally shouts Quint's name, and the figure disappears. Miles frantically asks Miss Giddens where she saw him, and then immediately falls to the ground. Miss Giddens again cradles him and assures him that it's over, he is free. She then realizes that Miles is dead. Screaming and sobbing in horror, she then leans over him and kisses him passionately on the lips. The film ends on the image of her clasped, shaking hands, the same image it began with.
tags: cruelty,  gothic,  horror,  atmospheric,  haunting,  suspenseful, 

title: Trick 'r Treat
synopsis: The movie includes four interwoven tales:Opening: A couple dressed as a robot and Flash Gordon return to their home, the front lawn decorated with numerous 'ghost-crows' (scarecrow-style ghosts) and lit pumpkins. The robot, Emma (Leslie Bibb), takes a jack-o'-lantern to blow out the light but her boyfriend, Henry (Tahmoh Penikett), tells her that it's against tradition to un-decorate before midnight. Emma asserts that she wants all the decorations gone before her mother visits the next morning, saying that the yard looks like a crime scene, and blows out the candle. Henry, a true fan of the holiday, promises to remove everything early the next morning and convinces Emma to meet him inside for some alone time. While he goes in to put on the tape, Emma starts to take down some of the decorations down, uttering the unforgivable I hate Halloween. As she removes the sheets off one of the ghost-crows, it lunges at her, covering her in the white cloth. In the ensuing struggle, Emma tumbles onto the sidewalk where passing trick-or-treaters stop to investigate. Under the sheets, a figure takes a bitten pumpkin-shaped sucker and slits Emma's throat. Her blood stains through the sheets and the children run away. The hidden assailant drags Emma's body back to the yard as Henry lies upstairs, passed out and with the TV on high volume. Some time later, he notices Emma has not come up and goes down to the yard where he notices that one of the ghost-crows now has lights attached to it. He removes the sheet and screams at the sight of Emma's disembodied head on a stake, the pumpkin sucker lodged in her mouth.Meanwhile, the Halloween festivities and parties continue throughout the town and a parade marches down the main street while the silhouette of a short figure walks through the crowd, dragging a burlap bag with a dark stain at the bottom.1. The Principal - A portly boy walks through the neighborhood knocking over jack-o'-lanterns. He stops at one house and walks up to the porch where it appears no one is home. A bucket full of candy is set out with a sign saying 'please take one!' The boy begins to put the entire contents of the bucket in his bag when someone startles him from behind. The boy recognizes the man as Principal Steven Wilkins (Dylan Baker) who addresses the boy as Charlie (Brett Kelly). Wilkins sits down on his porch, inviting Charlie to sit and talk with him as he offers him a chocolate bar. Wilkins explains rules of etiquette and how to properly respect Halloween. When Charlie begins to cough, Wilkins explains the most important rule of Halloween; always check your candy. Charlie violently vomits blood and chocolate and passes out. Wilkins drags Charlie into the house, the blood and chocolate mixture oozing onto his shirt, just as his doorbell rings. Struggling with the body, he answers and sees three teenagers who ask if they can take his jack-o'-lantern. He agrees and gives them all some candy, including a small boy wearing orange, footed pajamas and a burlap hood with buttons for eyes and stitching for a mouth (known hereafter as Sam, Quinn Lord). Wilkins then dumps Charlie's body in a large hole dug in his back yard where another child's body already lies. As he tries to bury the bodies his small son, Billy (Connor Christopher Levins), appears in the upstairs window and shouts down to him repeatedly, asking for help on his jack-o'-lantern and if they'll hand out candy. Wilkins, frustrated, tells him each time to be quiet and wait for him inside. Meanwhile, the neighbor's dog (Zip) approaches the fence and starts barking as the first child in the grave begins to moan, reaching out from under dirty sheets with a clown-costumed arm. Wilkins stabs the boy's arm with his shovel and severs one of his fingers, throwing it over the fence and distracting the dog. However, its surly owner, Mr. Kreeg (Brian Cox) comes into the yard and peeks through a hole in the fence to speak to Wilkins, still struggling with the clown child. Wilkins passes off his activity and the smell as a septic tank leak and Mr. Kreeg goes back into his house, shouting back to Wilkins to get his kid out of his yard. Wilkins finishes the clown child off with a blow from his shovel and completes burying the bodies. As he walks back into his house, he notices a frantic Kreeg motioning to him from his window across the way. Bitter Wilkins ignores him and goes into the house as Kreeg is tackled by something. In the kitchen, Billy jumps out from behind a counter, scaring Wilkins and asking for help on his jack-'o-lantern. Seemingly annoyed, Wilkins takes a butcher knife from the knife block and follows Billy to the basement. Billy runs ahead to a table covered in carving materials and Wilkins approaches behind him. Billy says let's make a scary face this time as Wilkins puts his hand on Billy's head and brings the knife down, blood glistening on the blade as he draws it back. But Billy smiles and says don't forget to help me with the eyes as they look together at the severed head of Charlie on a wooden turntable.2. Surprise Party - Laurie (Anna Paquin) is a 22-year-old 'virgin' who is shy and self-conscious. Her older sister, Danielle (Lauren Lee Smith), tries to boost her confidence by taking her to a Halloween party with two of her friends (Moneca Delain and Rochelle Aytes). The girls all dress in fairy tale costumes while Laurie is stuck as Little Red Riding Hood, a choice she despises though her sister tells her it's tradition. They walk through town on the way to the party picking up dates but Laurie is discouraged. She opts to meet the girls at the party later.Meanwhile, a young woman makes out with a masked man in an alley. He affectionately kisses her neck but, when she looks down, she sees blood running down her body. The man smiles, revealing blood on his fangs. The woman screams and makes her way to the street where the people are gathered for the parade. Emma and Henry walk by in costume, but ignore her, thinking she's just another drunk party-goer covered in make-up blood. The woman turns around to see the vampire standing behind her and screams as he swings his cloak around her. He leaves her dead body on the sidewalk leaning against a building, as if she's merely passed out, and walks away.At the bonfire party in the woods, Danielle stands alone worrying about Laurie. The others assure her that Laurie's fine but Danielle wonders, saying that their mother always said Laurie was the runt of the litter. As Laurie walks down a dimly lit path in the woods, she senses someone is following her and shouts out that she's not in the mood and they'd better come out. When no one responds, she turns and comes face to face with the vampire. He grabs her by the neck and holds her against a tree, saying, My, my, what big eyes you have, before biting her neck. At the party, the girls are startled when a cloaked body falls out of a tree near the fire. Danielle nervously approaches the body and removes the cloak to see the vampire, bleeding and begging for help. His mask is removed and Principal Wilkins blinks in the fire light, whimpering. Laurie appears and assures everyone she's ok, despite the blood oozing from her neck. She approaches Wilkins and straddles him, telling him to bear with her since it's her first time. The other girls start to dance as Wilkins looks around in shock to see that all of their dates are dead. Laurie removes his fake fangs as the girls rip off their skin, revealing coarse fur and lupine fangs. Laurie begins to change herself and leans down to Wilkins to whisper My, my, what big eyes you have before lunging into Wilkins' neck. The other werewolves finish the remains of their dates, howling at the moon, as Sam looks on from a nearby log.3. The Halloween School Bus Massacre Four costumed teenagers scour the neighborhood for jack-o-lanterns and stop at the home of a peer named Rhonda (Samm Todd), dressed as a witch, whose yard is decorated with dozens of them. Despite the fact that she's considered an idiot savant and nicknamed Rhonda the Retard by the leader of the group, Macy (Britt McKillip), dressed as an angel, Schrader (Jean-Luc Bilodeau) asks politely for one of her pumpkins and invites her to come with them, complimenting her on her costume. Macy leads them onward while Rhonda talks briefly with Chip (Alberto Ghisi), a pirate, about the origins of Halloween. They arrive at an abandoned rock quarry and Sara (Isabelle Deluce), an alien, asks why they're there and what the purpose of the jack-o-lanterns is. Macy explains that the quarry is the site of a fatal bus crash thirty years prior that has become the stuff of legend.The bus was carrying eight mentally disturbed children, clad in freakish Halloween costumes and so troubled that they had to be chained to their seats. That fateful day, the driver (Gerald Paetz) deviated from his normal route while taking the kids home. Their parents, no longer able to stand the strain and humiliation of caring for them, paid the driver to put them out of their misery by driving the bus into the lake at the bottom of the rock quarry, intending to make it look like a horrible accident. However, while double checking the restraints on the kids, one of them, a masked vampire (Richard Harmon), is able to free himself and hijack the bus, repeating that he wants to go home. Disturbed and confused as he is, the boy accidentally puts the bus in gear and drives it over the edge of the cliffside into the lake before the driver can stop him. Macy says that the driver survived but was never heard from again and the bus was never recovered, possibly because the rest of the town just didn't want to bother.The eight jack-o-lanterns collected represent the eight souls lost that day and are meant to be left at the lakeside as an offering. They walk to a rickety elevator and Macy, Sara, and Schrader get in with their pumpkins to go down to the lake. Since the elevator will only hold three at a time, Chip and Rhonda wait for it to come back for them. On their way down, they hear the panicked cries and screams of the other three and watch as the lights of their jack-o-lanterns go out in the mist. Rhonda tells Chip to stay in the elevator with the remaining pumpkins, saying that they will protect him, as she goes to investigate. Walking through the mist, she eventually comes to the wreckage of the half submerged school bus and sees the masks of the others floating in the water. She is suddenly attacked by two water-drenched figures covered in chains and runs to see a third disemboweling Chip. As they chase her, Rhonda drops and steps on her glasses before tripping and hitting her head on a rock, blacking out. When she comes to, she sees the figures standing over her and screams in fear but one of them, actually Schrader in disguise, explains that it was just a cruel prank played by all of them and tries to apologize. Macy is unremorseful and kicks a still lit jack-o-lantern into the lake as whispers and giggles suddenly echo out of the mist. Schrader leads Rhonda to the elevator and, when he hears the others screaming, tells her to stay put while he goes to see what's wrong, though he suspects another ruse. But when he meets up with the others they all see the figures of the eight dead children rise out of the lake, still tied in their chains. They run for the elevator though Sara is caught by a strand of chains and dragged away. The other three make it to the elevator to see Rhonda locked inside with the rest of the jack-o-lanterns, looking sullen but calm. They beg her to open the door but Rhonda, seemingly in a daze, presses the button to go up and leaves the others to their fate as the ghost children surround them. Rhonda exits the elevator and leaves the quarry, towing her pumpkins in her red wagon. She briefly looks at and passes Sam, sitting inside a cement pipe, as Macy, Schrader, and Chip scream and are ripped apart.4. Meet Sam Three trick-or-treaters walk up the porch of a dark, old house with no Halloween decorations and nervously knock on the door. It opens to pitch darkness and they nervously hold out their bags, saying trick or treat. Two glowing eyes appear and growling is heard. The children run away as the monster chases them across the yard and Mr. Kreeg appears in the doorway. He calls out to his dog, Spite, and picks him up to remove the monster costume and glowing head piece. He collects the children's dropped candy bags and retreats inside where he proceeds to burn old pictures in his fireplace before settling in his chair to watch TV. He takes a bite out of a candy bar but, disgusted with it, swaps it for a bottle of liquor. Since there is nothing on TV that doesnt have anything to do with Halloween, Kreeg turns it off and hears Spite barking outside before seeing an egg hit his window. He runs to the front door and opens it to see that his entire yard is decorated with dozens of jack-o-lanterns. Spite continues to bark in the back yard and Kreeg goes to investigate where he has his conversation with Wilkins. After finishing the finger that Wilkins threw over to him, Spite runs back inside and begins to bark upstairs. Kreeg follows him up and walks cautiously into his bedroom where he notices something moving under the covers. He pulls back the blanket to see a mechanized hand before a pumpkin, set on a table in the corner, suddenly starts spewing flames, bathing the room in orange light and revealing words scribbled all over the walls and ceiling: trick r treat, give me something good to eat. Kreeg then screams as something stabs him from under the bed. He falls to the ground and looks up to see Sam appear from the other side of the bed. Sam shows him a candy bar and peels back the wrapping to reveal a razor blade inside before attacking. Kreeg screams and manages to escape down the hallway but trips on the landing to the stairs and falls to the bottom. The staircase is covered in small pieces of candy and razor blades and Kreeg winces at his hands, covered in bloody cuts. Struggling as Sam attacks again, Kreeg makes it to the far window where he calls out to Wilkins just before being tackled. He tries to fight off Sam and manages to rip off his burlap mask. Instead of finding a human child's face underneath, Sam's face is a horribly deformed pumpkin with beady eyes and sharp teeth. Kreeg gains the upper hand and gets hold of his shotgun, shooting Sam across the room where he slumps against the front door. Kreeg shoots him again at close range, severing Sams hand, before dialing 9-1-1. But the line goes dead and Kreeg is stabbed in the leg again by Sam's severed hand. It crawls back to Sam and reattaches itself to the stump. Sam gets up and puts his mask back on as Kreeg backs up against the wall, knocking a table and its contents to the floor. Sam removes a pumpkin sucker from his pocket and takes a bite out of it, showing the sharp-edged bite marks. He approaches Kreeg, arm raised to stab him and bring the sucker down on Kreegs chest. Instead of stabbing him, however, Sam lodges the sucker in the discarded candy bar Kreeg had opened earlier, which had landed on his chest after he knocked the table over. Sam proceeds to chew on the candy bar and leaves the room, appearing satisfied. He looks back at Kreeg, who watches in puzzlement, before leaving the house. The door slams shut of its own accord. We then see one of the pictures that Kreeg had thrown into the fire. It shows the eight kids from the bus massacre, revealing that Kreeg was the driver.Later, a heavily bandaged Kreeg answers the doorbell to give candy to some trick-or-treaters. From his porch, he sees Sam go towards Emma and Henrys house across the way just as she is blowing out the candle to one of her jack-o-lanterns. Rhonda then walks by along the street, pulling her wagon absent-mindedly, and is almost hit by a car carrying the werewolf girls, laughing in human form. Billy Wilkins sits on his porch handing out candy, wearing a costume to mimic his fathers appearance complete with glasses and bloody shirt, unaware that his father is dead. Kreeg walks back inside and the bell rings again. He opens it to see the children from the bus massacre standing on his porch. The boy with the vampire mask says trick r treat and extends his bag before the children leap forward and begin to rip Kreeg apart.
tags: comedy,  murder,  bleak,  violence,  cult,  horror,  suspenseful,  home movie, 

title: Severance
synopsis: The film opens with George (David Gilliam) and two women (Juli Drajkó and Judit Viktor) running through the woods. The women fall into a large pit trap while George is caught by a snare. As he hangs helplessly, a masked man approaches and disembowels him with a knife.
What is later revealed as some days prior to this, the European Sales division of Palisade Defence military arms corporation are on a bus to a team-building weekend at a luxury lodge in the Mátra Mountains of Hungary. When a fallen tree blocking the road halts the bus's progress, the driver (Sándor Boros) refuses to take a dirt road through the woods and, after an argument, drives off leaving the group to walk the remaining distance to the lodge.
Eventually the group reaches the lodge, which is old and in serious disrepair, but the manager Richard (Tim McInnerny) convinces the wary but tired group to enter. Inside, Harris (Toby Stephens) discovers a file cabinet full of cryptic Palisade documents, written in Russian. The group discusses the documents, leading Harris to relate a story he'd heard about the lodge: the lodge was previously a mental institution, and in the early 20th century a Palisade-made nerve gas was used to clear it out after the inmates took over. Jill (Claudie Blakley) responds with the story she'd heard: the lodge was a reeducation center for Russian war criminals, and after an escape a Palisade-made nerve gas was used to clear escapees out of nearby buildings. Both mention a lone survivor who swore revenge on Palisade. Steve (Danny Dyer) starts to tell his own story about the lodge's past as a clinic staffed by busty nurses when he finds a human tooth in the meat pie the group is eating for dinner. Chastising Gordon (Andy Nyman) for serving a pie he just found in the kitchen, everyone goes to bed.
That night Jill sees someone looking into the lodge from the trees. Though nobody is found outside, everyone but Richard agrees that they should leave the lodge. The next morning Richard grudgingly sends Harris and Jill to the top of the hill to call the bus driver back, on the condition that the rest participate in a team-building game of paintball. Reaching the hill, Harris and Jill find the bus abandoned and the bus driver dead in a nearby creek. Back at the lodge, the game of paintball has just finished when Gordon steps into a bear trap. After several failed attempts by Steve and Billy (Babou Ceesayu) to pry the trap open, Gordon's left leg is cut through completely under the knee. Harris and Jill arrive in the bus, load everyone in and head back for town. On the way, a spike strip is thrown in front of the bus, which causes it to crash. Harris is thrown clear of the bus in the crash, and is decapitated by a masked killer with a machete. Jill is captured and tied to a tree, then gagged, doused with gasoline and burned alive. The rest discover Harris's body, prompting them to head for the lodge to hide for the night.
While Steve and Maggie (Laura Harris) smoke, a masked figure (Levente Törköly) quietly grabs Gordon and carries him into the basement. Discovering Gordon's absence and a newly opened door, the four head into the basement which leads to an underground prison. Through one door Billy and Maggie find the now-dead Gordon who has had the Palisade logo carved into his torso and a now-unmasked killer who fires a shotgun at them. The two hide in a nearby cell, where Billy dies from a chest wound. Steve hides on the second floor while Richard escapes out the back into the woods. While the killer searches for Steve, Maggie sneaks up on him with a large knife she took from the prison in the basement, but she falls through the rickety floor. The killer turns round and takes aim at Maggie, but, at the last second, Steve saves her by impaling the killer through the back. The killer falls down and becomes lodged in the main level floor, and Maggie takes his shotgun and shoots the killer in the head.
Maggie and Steve exit the lodge believing they are safe, but discover that a group of several more armed, Russian-speaking killers are awaiting them outside. Maggie shoots one before he can fire on them, and the two run into the woods. They come across Richard, who has stepped on a Palisade-made land mine and cannot move without detonating it. Richard guides Maggie and Steve through the minefield. The killers know that the area is a minefield and do not enter; they use a fallen branch to pass over the minefield close to Richard and torment him with insults and stones as they pass overhead. Accepting his situation Richard does his best to save the others and steps off the mine, blowing up himself along with two of the killers. Steve and Maggie come to another lodge, the real Palisade lodge. Inside they find their boss George, who is partying with two escorts Steve ordered via the Internet earlier. George brings out a prototype missile launcher and fires it at the approaching killers, but the missile locks on to a passing commercial jet instead, destroying it. The five run into the woods, leading to the events shown in the beginning of the film.
Maggie is snared, then about to be molested by a killer, but manages to smash his head with a rock. Steve encounters two attackers and gets beaten and stabbed, but eventually kills them both with a knife and a submachine gun. Maggie is chased by a flamethrower-wielding killer into an abandoned prison camp, filled with crates bearing the Palisade logo. There, Maggie breaks her leg, but is saved when one of the escorts, rescued by Steve, arrives and shoots the man. Steve, Maggie and the escorts make it to a rowboat on the shore of the nearby lake, and as they paddle off to safety Steve jokingly quips, Foursome?
tags: comedy,  dark,  cult,  horror,  humor,  entertaining, 

title: Final Exam
synopsis: Late at night, two college students are kissing in a parked convertible. Ignoring the girl's frequent objections, her boyfriend pushes on. Outside, an unknown killer attacks and cuts through the car's roof with a kitchen knife. Soon, the boyfriend is grabbed by the killer and is stabbed on the car's hood while the girlfriend screams hysterically.
Lanier College is nearing the end of a final exam week. To assist certain members pass a chemistry final, a fraternity fakes a mass shooting as a distraction. The students prepare for their tests as well as the coming vacation break, while unbeknownst that the killer is stalking them. Courtney (Cecile Bagdadi) is completing her exams and is studying hard; averse to hitting the books, her roommate Lisa (DeAnna Robbins) is busy packing and getting back to the city. Meanwhile, Gamma Delta fraternity pledge Gary (Terry W. Farren) is suffered from a prank where he is tied up against a tree until nightfall, but the killer soon murders him after untying him. His girlfriend Janet (Sherry Willis-Burch) comes to find Gary before she is attacked and killed off-screen by the murderer.
Gamma brother Wildman (Ralph Brown) is looking for pain pills for his frat to sell on the open market, where he is then led into the darkened campus gym. After finding pills, he is then attacked by the killer where he is cornered into the weight room and is garroted from a weight machine. Soon after, Mark (John Fallon) discovers Wildman's body in the locker room, before chased by the killer into the college's electrical building where he is stabbed from the killer emerging out of a barrel. Meanwhile, fellow nerd Radish (Joel S. Rice) finds Mark's body in a locker and immediately calls the police, but the authorities are disbelieving due to ongoing pranks from the Gamma house. Running to Courtney's room, the killer breaks through the door and grabs him to his demise. Shortly thereafter, Courtney returns to her dorm where she finds Radish's body hanging through her broken door. Frightened, Courtney tries to rouse help from a now abandoned dorm, but the campus is now desolate.
Meanwhile, Lisa is awaiting her boyfriend Charlie in the conservatory, where the killer enters the room and stabs her. While in the conservatory, Courtney hears music from the piano room and is confronted by the killer; she flees into the cafeteria where she arms herself with a knife. After a chase throughout the school, she frantically wanders outside in the quad before seeking refuge in the campus tower. Screaming for help inside the tower, the college's coach (Jerry Rushing) arrives and shoots at the killer with an arrow. Brazenly, the killer catches the arrow and stabs it into the coach, killing him. During the struggle, Courtney succeeds as the killer is fallen down the two-story tower. On the bottom floor, the killer grabs Courtney's ankle, before she repeatedly stabs the killer to his death 12 times. Still night time, Courtney walks out of the tower now alone and the film ends with her sitting out on the steps.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  prank, 

title: All the Boys Love Mandy Lane
synopsis: At a Texas high school, Mandy Lane (Amber Heard) is a popular outsider. Fellow student, Dylan, (Adam Powell) invites her to a party at his house and she accepts with the provision that her best friend Emmet (Michael Welch) can attend also. At the party, Dylan and Emmet clash so Emmet goes to sit on the roof overlooking the pool watching Mandy. Dylan joins him and Emmet convinces him to jump from the roof to the pool to get Mandy's attention. Dylan jumps but misses, hitting his head on the edge of the pool and dies.Nine months later, Red (Aaron Himelstein) is having a party at his father's ranch and has invited Mandy along. She obtains permission from her Aunt (Peyton Hayslip) and agrees to go. Following from Dylan's death she now refuses to talk to Emmet. On the way to the ranch, the kids steal a keg from a driver (Robert Earl Keen) at a truck stop. When they arrive at the ranch Chloe (Whitney Able) won't drive her car over the cattle grid and so with a shortage of seats Mandy and Bird (Edwin Hodge) elect to walk to the ranch.While walking they are picked up by Garth (Anson Mount), the ranch hand. Once at the house they begin drinking and playing games. Mandy is the only one to stay sober. After a disparaging remark, Jake (Luke Grimes) walks out, followed by his girlfriend Marlin (Melissa Price). They stop in a cattle shed and, after engaging in oral sex, Jake leaves. Marlin is caught by a stranger and has her jaw broken by a shotgun. While looking for Marlin, Jake discovers her body and is shot by the stranger.Bird, Mandy, Red and Chloe are joined by Garth at the house after a stranger in Red's car fires fireworks at them on the porch. Bird chases the car, believing that Jake is the driver, but he encounters Emmet. During their fight, Emmet blinds Bird by cutting his eyes, chases him and finally stabs him to death. At the ranch, Garth stays over. Mandy falls asleep in the kitchen. Red and Chloe fall asleep on the couch.In the morning as they prepare to leave, Emmet shoots Garth. Red and Chloe escape out the back and run to Chloe's car. On the way they both encounter the bodies of Jake and Marlin. They reach the car and Red is shot as they kiss and, as she runs back to the ranch, Chloe finds the body of Bird. She is chased by Emmet in Red's car who has taken the keys from a dying Red. Meanwhile, Mandy retrieves the keys to Garth's jeep, and the hunting knife Emmet used to kill Bird. She then sees Chloe running towards the ranch, pursued by Emmet. As Chloe runs up to Mandy, she stabs Chloe in the stomach. While Chloe bleeds out, Emmet and Mandy discuss their plan.Emmet has kept a journal giving the reason behind the killings since he and Mandy have previously agreed to a suicide pact. However Mandy refuses to take the pills Emmet gives her. They fight. Garth shoots Emmet who then attacks Garth with a machete. A brief chase ensues and after Mandy falls into a pit of dead animals, Emmet jumps on top of her. They fight until Mandy manages to club him to death with a log. Mandy then returns to a wounded Garth and heads to his truck and they drive off.
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: Behind the Mask: The Rise of Leslie Vernon
synopsis: The film is shot as a documentary set in a world where the killers depicted in famous slasher films are real. A female journalist named Taylor Gentry and her two cameramen, Doug and Todd, document the preparations of Leslie Vernon as he prepares to join the ranks of other slasher villains. Leslie takes his identity from an urban legend about a boy who killed his family and was cast into a river by angry townsfolk.
He initially claims to be the vengeful spirit of the slain boy but soon admits that he is an ordinary man named Leslie Mancuso who must rely on conventional tactics rather than supernatural powers. Taylor and her crew film Leslie's meticulous preparations to slaughter a number of teenagers in an abandoned house and then be confronted by a virginal survivor girl, Kelly. Taylor and her crew come to share Leslie's enthusiasm for his project, but their consciences catch up with them on the night of the murders.
They beg Leslie to call off his killing spree, but Leslie is adamant, believing that his survivor girl will define herself by facing him. Taylor and her crew abandon their documentary and at this point the film shifts from a documentary style to a traditional horror film presentation. Taylor attempts to warn and rally the remaining teens together to fight Leslie, but Leslie's preparations repeatedly give him the upper hand. The group looks to Kelly for leadership, but she unexpectedly dies.
Taylor quickly realizes that, as a virgin herself, she was Leslie's true survivor girl all along. Leslie continues picking off the group one-by-one until only Taylor remains. She faces Leslie and defeats him in the exact manner he had laid out for her, then burns down the shed in which he was defeated. She then runs into Doug and Doc Halloran who survived their encounters with Leslie. However, Leslie's preparations included learning to feign death and slathering himself with flame-retardant gel.
Over the final credits, security camera footage reveals Leslie's charred body sitting up on an autopsy table, still alive, accompanied by the song Psycho Killer by Talking Heads.
tags: comedy,  dark,  murder,  cult,  horror,  satire,  entertaining, 

title: After Hours
synopsis: After a long and boring day at work, Paul Hackett (Griffin Dunne), a computer word processor, meets Marcy Franklin (Rosanna Arquette) in a local cafe in New York City. They discuss their common interest in Henry Miller. Marcy leaves Paul her number and informs him that she lives with a sculptor named Kiki Bridges (Linda Fiorentino), who makes and sells plaster of Paris paperweights resembling cream cheese bagels. Later in the night, under the pretense of buying a paperweight, Paul visits Marcy, taking a cab to her apartment. On his way to visit Marcy, a $20 bill is blown out the window of the cab, leaving him with only some spare pocket change. The cab driver is furious that he cannot pay. This is the first in a long series of misadventures for Paul that turn hostile through no fault of his own. At the apartment Paul meets the sculptor Kiki and Marcy, and comes across a collection of photographs and medications which imply that Marcy is severely disfigured from burns on her legs and torso. As a result of this implication, and as a result of a strained conversation with Marcy, Paul abruptly slips out of the apartment.
Paul then attempts to go home by subway, but the fare has increased at the stroke of midnight and he finds that his pocket change is no longer sufficient to purchase a token. He goes to a bar where Julie (Teri Garr), a waitress, becomes enamored with him. At the bar, Paul learns that there have been a string of burglaries in the neighborhood. The bar's owner, Tom Schorr (John Heard), offers to give Paul money to cover the subway fare, but cannot open the cash register. They exchange keys so Paul can go to Tom's place to fetch the cash register keys. On the way back from Tom's apartment, Paul is questioned by suspicious neighbors. Afterwards, Paul spots two actual burglars, Neil (Cheech Marin) and Pepe (Tommy Chong), with one of Kiki's sculptures. After he attempts to confront them, they flee, dropping the sculpture in the process. When Paul returns the sculpture to Kiki and Marcy's apartment, he finds Marcy has committed suicide. Kiki and a stout man named Horst have already left to go to Club Berlin, a nightclub.
Paul attempts to return to Tom's bar, but it is locked up, with a sign indicating that Tom will be back in half an hour. Paul meets Julie, the waitress, in the street, who invites him up to her apartment to wait for Tom to reopen the bar. Julie is enamored with Paul, but Paul goes back to Tom's bar, finding Tom grieving over Marcy, who was his girlfriend. Paul returns to Julie's apartment where she begins to sketch his portrait while they talk. Ultimately, Paul rejects Julie's advances and leaves. He goes to Club Berlin to find Kiki and Horst, where a collection of punks attempt to shave his head into a Mohawk hairstyle. On the street, Paul is mistaken for a burglar and is relentlessly pursued by a mob of local residents.
Paul finds Tom again, but the mob (with the assistance of Julie, Gail, and Gail's Mister Softee truck) chases Paul. Paul discovers that as payback for rejecting her, Julie used his image in a wanted poster which names him as the burglar. He ultimately seeks refuge back at the Club Berlin. Paul uses his last quarter to play Is That All There Is? by Peggy Lee and asks a woman named June to dance. Paul explains he's being pursued and June, also a sculptress, offers to help him. She protects him by pouring plaster on him in order to disguise him as a sculpture. However, she won't let him out of the plaster, which eventually hardens, trapping Paul in a position that resembles the character depicted in Edvard Munch's painting The Scream. The burglar duo then breaks into the Club Berlin and steals him, placing him in the back of their van. He falls from the burglar's cargo right outside the gate to his office building as the sun is rising. Paul brushes himself off and goes to work, bringing the film full circle.
tags: horror, 

title: Sette note in nero
synopsis: Dover, England, October 12, 1959, 11:45 AM. A distraught young woman (Elizabeth Turner) drives to a scenic cliff-top overlooking the English Channel and throws herself off. At exactly the same time in Florence, Italy, the woman's young daughter Virginia (Fausta Avelli) has a vision of her mother's gruesome fall.Italy, 1976. A grown-up Virginia Ducci (Jennifer O'Neill) happily bids farewell to her new husband Francesco (Gianni Garko) as he leaves their house for a business trip abroad. After dropping him off at a small airport and driving home, Virginia experiences a number of confusing, fragmented visions while driving through dark road tunnel; a broken mirror in a dimly lit room; a lamp; a yellow cigarette burning in an ashtray; a magazine with a young woman on the front cover; a stuffed bird; the blood soaked corpse of an old lady; a fresco of The Madonna and Child; the footfalls of a man with a limp; a blinking red light; a yellow taxi; and someone being walled up in a dark hole.Virginia turns to her friend Dr Luca Fattori (Marc Porel), who has an interest in the paranormal, and she describes to him what she has seen. Afterwards, Virginia drives over to a rambling villa owned by her husband. The recently married couple intend to redecorate and move into the dusty building, which Francesco hasn't used for four years. Alone, Virginia experiences a mounting unease as she removes the drapes of the living room to discover items from her vision. Recalling a hole in the wall, the finds traces of a plaster over recess, and attacks with a pickaxe and uncovers skeletal human remains.The police are curious as to how Virginia found the body, which was very well concealed. She describes her vision to them, but they remain skeptic. The police maintain that the dead person was a young woman killed between January and June 1972, and she was only 25 years old when she died. Back at the villa that evening, Virginia sees what she takes to be an apparision of the dead woman from her vision (Veronica Michielini) standing outside. When Virginia gives chase, the old woman runs away into the dark. Francesco returns from his business trip where Virginia updates him on everything that has happened. He urges her to dismiss the matter from her mind, but she instead grows more and more obsessed with learning this mystery.The police led by Commissioner D'Elia investigate further and they identify the entombed victim as Agneta Bignardi. Virginia recognizes her from a photograph; she's the girl on the cover of the magazine in Virginias vision. Francesco, already a suspect, can only provide an alibi for himself in half the possible murder period. After he admits that he did have an affair with Agenta back in 1972, he gets arrested.Virginia discusses the case with Francesco's sister Gloria (Evelyn Stewart), and Melli (Riccardo Parisio Perrotti), a lawyer friend of Glorias. Virginia notices that Gloria smokes distinctive yellow cigarettes which are a French brand called Gitanes, identical to the one in her vision. Virginia accepts an extra pack from Virginia to smoke, and the two women go to the old house to investigate. Gloria says that her brother left for a business trip to America in April 1972, and that she was the one who changed the furniture of the place. The room with the walled-in corpse had been Franceso's bedroom, but was the Gloria whod bought the furniture that Virginia saw in her vision, after Francesco's departure.Luca's secretary, the resourceful Bruna (Jenny Tamburi) discovers that there were only 16 yellow taxies operating in Rome in 1972. Luca and Virgina make contact with a driver (Francesgo Angrisano) who remembers taking a girl in the police photo to a picture gallery, and that her gentlemanly chaperone has a pronounced limp. At the gallery, Virginia recognizes a Vermeer painting from her vision. The superintendent of the gallery, Emilio Rospini (Gabriele Ferzetti) watches them as the leave. He is the man in Virginia's vision.A few days later, Virginia buys a magazine which runs a picture of the murdered woman on the front cover, the exact same magazine from Virginia's vision. When Luca notices that the magazine has only existed for a year, it becomes apparent to him that Virginia has experienced a premontion, not a vision of past crimes. Virginia and Luca find more evidence that appears to clear Francesco, allowing him to get released on bail. Gloria, in the meantime, gives Virginia a watch, one that plays a haunting tune on the hour.Details from the promotions start to occur in front of Virginia with greater and greater frequency. Virginia takes a yellow taxi, with a blinking CB radio light, from Luca's office to her home. The mysterious old woman calls Virginia, leaving a message on her answering machine, offering information about the case. When Virginia arrives at her house, she finds her dead (in the same position from Virginia's vision). Rospini appears and Virginia flees in panic. Grabbing a vital letter featured on a coffee table in her vision, Virginia escapes down the road to a neighboring church that is undergoing repairs. Virginias hiding place is given away when her wristwatch chimes go off. Rospini tries to reach her on a wooden scaffold, but slips and falls to the marble floor, many feet below.Virginia runs back to her husband's old villa nearby, and phones him at his office to come see her right away. When he arrives, Virginia is alarmed by his limp, which he claims to have twisted his ankle just a few hours before. They go inside to the fateful room. Francesco puts down a copy of the magazine with Agneta on the cover, right on the table as described in the vision. Growing more nervous, Virginia starts smoking one of Glorias yellow cigarettes, and places it in an ashtray also featured in the vision.At the hospital, the police talk to the badly injured Rospini, who can barely gasp out his explination of the events. Back in 1972, the old woman, Signora Casati, had an illicit buyer for a valuable painting in a nearby gallery. Francesco, Rospini and Agneta Bignardi had all bee involved in stealing it. Rospini killed a guard, a fact mentioned in a letter Agneta wrote to Casati. Rospini was not trying to kill Virginia, but only trying to retrieve the letter. Casati was already dead when he arrived, having been killed by Francesco, who sustained a twisted ankle after jumping out of a window. It was Francesco who murdered Agneta all those years ago after she enraged him by trying to make off with the painting alone.Alone with her husband, Virginia becomes more and more frightened by the gradual confluences of elements from her vision. The last crucial link in the chain occurs when Francesco sees the incriminating letter on the dresser. Virginia claims that she hasn't read it, but he refuses to believe her. He suddenly attacks his wife with a fireplace poker. His first blow misses as she ducks and it smashes a mirror. The next blow strikes her dead on the head. As she lies on the floor, bleeding profuesly, he prepares to wall her into the excavated hole in the wall. Finally, all the details of room fit with the vision: Virginia was foreseeing her own death.A little later, Luca figures out from the magazine cover about the real location and time which Francesco could have murdered Agneta Bignardi. He then races over to the Ducci villa, while being chased by two motorcycle cops who are trying to arrest him for speeding. He manages to keep their fingers off his collar long enough to elaborate his suspicions. Francesco invites them all into his house and into the room, expressing concern at his wife's dissapearance. Despite a war of nerves, Luca cannot break the sociopath Francesco's bland of self control. As Luca turns to leave, escorted by the police, everyone hears a haunting tune, like a music box chime, emerging from the wall....
tags: mystery,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  insanity, 

title: The Possession
synopsis: The film begins with an old woman trying to open a strange box. She turns on old classic music and grabs holy water and a hammer. Before she is able to destroy the box, she is thrown violently around the room by an unseen force. When her son enters, she is unconscious on the floor.Next, the audience is introduced to newly divorced couple Clyde (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Stephanie Brenek (Kyra Sedgwick). They have two children, Em (Natasha Calis) and Hannah (Madison Davenport). Clyde introduces his daughters to his new house.At a yard sale with Clyde and Hannah, Em becomes intrigued by an old box which has Hebrew inscriptions engraved on it. Clyde agrees to buy the box for her. When Em walks around the yard carrying the box, she discovers the old woman lying in bed, covered in bandages. Upon seeing the box, the woman slams her hand against the window, screaming,and jumping until her nurse closes the blinds.Em asks Clyde to open the box, but he is unable to and concludes it is not meant to be opened. Em keeps it in her bedroom and that night, begins to hear whispering coming from it. She opens it and finds a tooth, a corpse of a moth, and a ring, which she begins to wear.Em becomes solitary and spends her spare time staring at the box. Her behavior grows increasingly sinister, to the point where she stabs her father in the hand with a fork. The house later becomes infested with moths, mainly clustered in Em's room. One night while Em is in the bathroom, she starts to gag. She uses a flashlight and points it into her mouth. After a few seconds, a hand is seen crawling up from the back of her mouth. Em is startled, but doesn't say anything and goes back to bed.At school, one of Em's classmates discovers the box and begins to antagonize her about it. She screams at him to give the box back and strikes him multiple times before being restrained by her teacher. Clyde and Stephanie are summoned to a meeting with Em's principal and teacher, where they discuss Em's growing violence and how she is becoming increasingly antisocial.Em's teacher recommends that Em spend time away from the box, so it is left in the classroom. Later that night, curious about the noises emanating from the box, the teacher tries to open it, but dies when a malevolent force throws her out a window.Em tells Clyde about an invisible woman who lives in her box and says Em is special. Alarmed by her behavior, Clyde attempts to dispose of the box. Clyde returns home and finds Em, crying, asking what he has done with the box. When Clyde refuses to tell her, an unseen force slaps Em, making it seem as if Clyde is abusing her. Em runs away, finds the box, and begins to converse with the dybbuk. Suddenly, moths fly out of the box and into Em's mouth. Em faints and Clyde carries her unconscious body back to his house, where the police and Stephanie wait to take her away from him. Clyde returns to pick up the box.Clyde takes the box to a professor at the university who tells him it is a dybbuk box that dates back to the 1920s; it was used to contain a dislocated spirit, an ancient Jewish evil or demon. Clyde sneaks into Stephanie's house, enters Em's room and begins to read the Torah to her. Em stares at him blankly, and a force hurls the Torah across the room. Stephanie then comes home, causing him to retreat.Clyde then travels to a Hasidic community in Brooklyn, and learns from a Jew named Tzadok (Matisyahu) that the possession has three main stages; in the third stage the dybbuk latches onto the host, becoming one entity with it. The only way to defeat the dybbuk is to lock it back into the box via a forced ritual. While further examining the box, Tzadok discovers the demon's name is Abyzou, which he explains is the taker of children.
Later that evening, Em violently attacks her mother when Stephanie discovers her gorging herself like an animal out of the refrigerator. Stephanie's boyfriend Brett suggests that Em be examined by a psychologist.
The next morning, Brett prepares to take Em to the psychologist. However, when Em stares malevolently at Brett, his mouth begins gushing blood and his teeth begin falling out, causing him to drive away frantically. Em then has a seizure on the front lawn and is taken to the hospital for an MRI. During the procedure, the lights begin to flicker and Stephanie and Hannah are horrified when they see the dybbuk's face in the images, next to Em's heart.Stephanie then realizes that Em is possessed. Clyde and Tzadok join the rest of the family at the hospital and attempt to conduct an exorcism. After Em breaks free and attacks Tzadok, she escapes to the morgue with Clyde in pursuit. Clyde survives Em's attack but is now possessed. Tzadok performs an exorcism which is successful; the dybbuk crawls out of Clyde and back into the box.The family is reunited, with Clyde and Stephanie's love rekindled. Tzadok drives away with the box in Clyde's vehicle. Just after calling Clyde, the car is suddenly hit by a truck, apparently killing him. The box is then seen, having landed several feet from the wreckage.
tags: violence,  horror, 

title: Van Helsing
synopsis: Gabriel Van Helsing (Hugh Jackman) has been ordered by the Vatican to search out and
destroy Count Vladislaus Dracula (Richard Roxburgh), an assignment that doesn't make Van
Helsing very happy. He is tired of killing monsters for the Church, only
to be branded by the public as a murderer with a price on his head. He
also wishes that he had back his memories, something that was taken away
from him due to his previous sins. Cardinal Jinette (Alun Armstrong) explains that this
assignment is important because, 450 years ago, a Transylvanian knight
named Valerius the Elder promised God that his family would never rest nor
enter heaven until they vanquished Dracula. However, Dracula still lives,
but only two of Valerius' descendents -- Princess Anna (Kate Beckinsale) and Prince Velkan (Will Kemp)
-- remain. The Valerius family is running out of time, and the Church is
committed to saving their souls. So, armed with only a scrap of a picture,
rings of garlic, holy water, a silver stake, a crucifix, an automatic
crossbow, and Friar Carl (David Wenham), the Q of the Vatican, Van Helsing takes off for
Transylvania.Van Helsing's arrival in Transylvania is not well met, as
Transylvanians don't like strangers. As Princess Anna challenges their
business there, Van Helsing notices three harpies flying towards them.
They are Dracula's three brides -- Aleera (Elena Anaya), Marishka (Josie Maran), and Verona (Silvia Colloca). It's
obvious that they are trying to nab Anna. In fact, they succeed in
carrying her off several times, but Van Helsing manages to get her back.
He finally destroys Marishka by dipping his crossbow in holy water before
shooting her with a dart. Oddly, the villagers are angry with Van Helsing
for killing Marishka. They explain that the vampires only kill one or two
a month to satisfy their needs. Now, thanks to him, they will kill more
out of revenge.Dracula isn't happy about it either. Not only is he now short one
bride, but a year ago, after setting up Victor Frankenstein (Samuel West) with his own
laboratory, the villagers set Frankenstein's monster on fire, and Dracula
needed the Monster in order to give life to his offspring (Dracula's
children are born dead and must be animated). Then, just a few days ago,
Velkan Valerius destroyed Dracula's werewolf with a silver bullet,
although it cost Velkan his life when the werewolf grabbed him just before
he fell over a steep cliff.Grateful that Van Helsing saved her life and destroyed Marishka, Anna
takes Van Helsing and Carl back to the castle where the Valerius family
has lived for hundreds of years following Dracula's human death. That
evening, Anna wants to go out vampire hunting, but Van Helsing, preferring
to wait until daylight, sprays her with knockout spray. When Anna later
awakens, the halls are dark and Van Helsing is nowhere to be found. Still,
someone is there. It's a werewolf, but not just any werewolf. It's her
brother, Velkan. Apparently, Velkan was bitten by the werewolf on the way
down, survived the fall, and now he is a werewolf, too. When the moon
suddenly goes behind a cloud, Velkan changes from werewolf back to himself
just long enough to warn Anna. Then the moon comes out, and he changes
back into a werewolf and lunges at her. Van Helsing appears and fires a
shot at Velkan, but he leaps out the window. Van Helsing follows. Just
when Van Helsing gets a clear shot at Velkan, Anna stops him to let him
know that Dracula supposedly has a cure for werewolfism. Van Helsing
agrees to help Anna look for the antidote and try to save her brother.Velkan's trail leads them to Castle Frankenstein where Dracula, Igor (Kevin J. O'Connor),
and the Dwergi [ugly little creatures that work for Dracula] have strapped
Velkan to Dr Frankenstein's machine and are trying to harness his life
energy to animate Dracula's babies. Lightning strikes and Velkan's
lifeforce flows into the baby vampires who start to hatch. Thousands of
them. Van Helsing starts shooting at them. Dracula gets really mad and
starts attacking Van Helsing. Van Helsing stabs Dracula with the silver
stake, but it doesn't work. (The stake needs to be made of wood.) Aleera,
Verona, and the babies fly into the village so that the brides can teach
the babies how to feed. Suddenly, all the vampire babies start to explode.
The animation hasn't been successful.Dracula orders Velkan to kill Van Helsing and Anna. In their escape
from Castle Frankenstein, Anna and Van Helsing fall into a subterranean
cave where the Frankenstein monster (Shuler Hensley) has been hiding. Van Helsing shoots
him with a tranquilizer dart but refuses to kill him because he can sense
that the Monster is not evil (Van Helsing will only kill evil beings).
Before he passes out, the Monster explains that he is the key to Dracula's
research, that he is the one thing that Dracula needs in order to bring
life to his brood. Even though the last hatchlings died, Dracula has
thousands more waiting birth, he says.Suddenly, they notice that they are being watched by Velkan. Knowing
that Dracula will soon know their whereabouts, Van Helsing tries to take
the Frankenstein monster back to Rome for protection, but they are
attacked by Verona, Aleera, and Velkan. Van Helsing destroys Verona and
gets a silver bullet into Velkan, who later dies in Anna's arms.
Unfortunately, Velkan also managed to bite Van Helsing. Aleera picks up
Anna and flies her back to Dracula while Van Helsing, Carl, and the
Monster are forced to walk. They meet up with Aleera again in Budapest.
She invites them to a Halloween masquerade ball during which they can
trade the Monster for Anna. Van Helsing tranquilizes the Monster and locks
him in a church while he and Carl go to the ball.At the ball, while Dracula dances with Anna, he tries to talk her
into becoming his bride, but Anna will have none of it. Van Helsing
rescues Anna, but their escape is thwarted when Igor triumphantly brings
in the Frankenstein monster. Everyone at the ball turns into vampires and
goes after Van Helsing, Carl, and Anna, forcing them to jump out a window.
By the time Van Helsing, Anna, and Carl get back to Transylvania, Dracula
has cleared out of Castle Frankenstein and moved...to no one knows where.
They go to the library where Carl has done a bit of research and
discovered that Dracula is really the son of Valerius the Elder. The whole
problem started when Dracula was murdered in 1462 by the left hand of
God. When he died, Dracula made a covenant with the Devil and was given a
new life that could only be sustained by drinking blood. That's when
Valerius the Elder went to Rome and bargained away his family's right to
enter heaven until he killed Dracula. Dracula being his son, however,
Valerius was unable to kill him, so he banished him to an icy fortress
through a door with no means of escape...until the devil gave wings to
Dracula. So where is this door?Anna reveals that her father spent hours staring at a particular
picture. Perhaps that picture holds the key to the door? On the door is an
inscription in Latin which Carl tries to read but cannot finish because a
piece is missing. Van Helsing remembers the scrap of picture that Cardinal
Jinette gave him before he left Rome. Sure enough, it fits. When they read
the inscription aloud, the picture changes into a mirror which allows them
to walk through into the snowy fortress which is Dracula's true castle.
They enter a long hallway in which the ceiling and walls are lined with
pods containing vampire offspring waiting to be animated. They also see
the Frankenstein monster encased in a block of ice with only his head
sticking out. The Monster sees Van Helsing and tells him that Dracula DOES
have a cure for werewolfism. Van Helsing wonders why Dracula would have an
antidote. Carl remembers seeing another painting that showed a werewolf
killing a vampire. Now it all becomes clear. Only a werewolf can kill
Dracula, and Van Helsing is scheduled to turn into one tonight at the
stroke of midnight. The plan is to let Van Helsing transform and kill
Dracula, and then Anna and Carl can inject him with the antidote at the
last minute.While Van Helsing goes in search of Dracula, Anna and Carl force Igor
to lead them to the antidote. Igor shows them a syringe stored in a jar of
viscous liquid. Indeed, it is the antidote, but before they can retrieve
it, Igor locks them in the room. Aleera suddenly appears. Anna tosses the
jar at her. It crashes on the floor, and the splash burns Aleera's face.
Anna tosses more of the liquid at the bars on the door, and it eats
through them. While Anna keeps Aleera busy, Carl takes the antidote and
goes looking for Van Helsing. Van Helsing has discovered Dracula's
laboratory. The Frankenstein monster has been hoisted to the roof, and
Dracula is attempting to drain his life into his infants. Van Helsing
makes his way to the roof, but before the Monster can be freed, lightning
strikes and sends his lifeforce down through the infant nursery. The baby
vampires begin to awaken.Just as the Frankenstein Monster gets free, Dracula changes into a
bat and attacks Van Helsing. The Monster is struck again by a bolt of
lightning that sends him flying over the edge of the roof. On his way
down, he manages to grab onto a cable and knock Igor off the bridge where
he's been chasing Carl with a cattle prod. The Monster swings through a
window into the room where Anna and Aleera are fighting. As the Monster
holds Aleera at bay, Anna uses the cable to swing back to the laboratory.
On the way, Carl tosses her the antidote. Aleera catches up with Anna.
While Aleera gloats about how she's going to drink Anna's blood, Anna
grabs a spike and thrusts it through Aleera's heart.Just then the clock strikes midnight. Van Helsing changes into a
werewolf and attacks Dracula. Just as Van Helsing has Dracula by the
throat, the moon goes behind a cloud and Van Helsing changes back into
himself. Dracula takes this moment to inform Van Helsing that it was he (Van Helsing)
who murdered Dracula back in 1462. Suddenly, the moon comes back out. Van
Helsing turns into a werewolf again and chews up Dracula's neck. Dracula
crumbles into dust as do all of his baby vampires (once Dracula is
destroyed, all his creations are also destroyed). At that moment, Anna
runs into the room with the antidote. Van Helsing leaps at her. Carl also
arrives and opens the silver stake, ready to plunge it into Van Helsing.
But Anna was successful. She injected the antidote into Van Helsing just
before she died, and Van Helsing is returning to himself.Van Helsing and Carl hold a cremation for Anna at sea. He sees her spirit in the sky alongwith those of her ancestors. She smiles and realises that she is at peace and with her family. Heading out to sea in hopes of a sanctuary, we see Frankenstein's Monster on a raft looking towards the flaming beacon and the two heroes.
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  revenge,  sci-fi, 

title: Screamers
synopsis: A robotic voice (Henry Ramer) reads the captions:Planet Earth has colonized other planets for its own purposes. We are in 2078, and Sirius 6B is one of our colonies. What we want from this planet is a new energetic material, berynium. The problem is that this material is highly polluting and radioactive. Because of the careless mining, the one Sirius 6B planet is now a ravaged desertic land, not fertile as it used to be. NEB Corporation, a monopoly, have controlled all mining operations in this planet and all the Solar System. The Alliance, a mixture of a union and a series of scientists, tried to stop NBE from destroying the planet. NBE and The Alliance started a war in Sirius 6B, which also created a new Cold War in Earth. However, physical or nuclear war have only happened at Sirius 6B. Thousands of civilians died in this planet, and also they have the problem of radioactive clouds caused by the berynium. After 10 all-out war years, only a handful of survivors remain in the planet.The mining town looks like a dusty ghost town. Miners are playing for cigarettes. Through CCTV, they see somebody stumbling closer. That person, a NEB soldier (Sylvain Massé), looks terrified. Lieutenant Landowska (Liliana Komorowska) wonders what he's doing moving closer without even attempting to hide, and wants Captain Joseph Joe Henderson (Peter Weller) to be called. There is a moment when this person stops. Something moves below the sand. The runaway soldier shoots it. Suddenly, the dusty plain is filled with underground small things shooting at him. The lieutenant watch as the things scream with ear-splitting sharp noises and attack this man, who has shown a cylinder for them to see. There are round robotic things under the sand, and they jump to dismember him: first an arm, then a leg... until they kill him off. One of the soldiers inside the bunker (Tom Berry) pukes. The lieutenant and this soldier try to convince themselves that they are the good side. When the Captain arrives, he says that without the Screamers they would have lost the war long ago. The Captain also wonders what a single person was doing on his own so exposed to the enemies and the screamers. As the lieutenant mentions that he had something on his hand, the Captain decides to check it out - some of the soldiers think it is going to be a bomb, so they leave the Captain to go fetch the cylinder on his own. The Captain is wearing a high-tech writsband which will prevent screamers from attacking him. Screamers are taking the parts of the dead soldier under the soil, so the Captain has to shoot one to get hold of the cylinder. The cylinder is a message for The Alliance.Cut to classical music, Don Giovanni by Mozart in the bunker. The Captain wants to talk to Chuck Elbarak (Ron White). He is playing with a Cesar Augustus coin. The document is Priority 7, which means that it's only for the eyes of Chuck and the Captain. Chuck opens the cylinder.It is a message from Richard Cooper, a Commander of the NEB Army to Joe, asking for peace negotiation. Two officers should discuss it. Chuck thinks that it may be a tactic to full them.Joe tells Communications Officer MacDonald (Leni Parker) to send a message to Earth to ask for advice. She says that an urgent message from a commercial transport has been received asking for permission to land. Joe wants to know what the emergency was first.In the cylinder there was a map of the NEB commanding offices as well. They wonder why the NEB has decided to speak out after so long without any contact with them, not even radio waves.Through virtual reality, a big shot Commanding Officers called Secretary Green (Bruce Boa) says that the NEB have asked for a ceasefire, so that they have the opportunity to bring peace to the world. Berynium has been found somewhere else, in another planet called Tritom 4, and this time there are no signs of radioactivity. The radioactivity interferes with the message from this guy, which is leave incomplete, making Joe swear and say that the Morse Code used to be better and more reliable.Joe and Chuck think that if war had broken loose on Earth there would have had to be a ceasefire much much sooner. They think about the wife who left one of them.Radiation approaches, so the soldiers have to light a special red cigarette. Everything trembles and many people die because of the falling buildings. There was a falling airship prepared to build bombs - it was a nuclear reactor.A person is rescued from the debris. Screamers appear to take away the bodies of the dead. Screamers are a race of killing devices which move underground, among the soft sands of the planet. They have blades to cut, shred and kill and they are self-replicating. They have been designed to kill all enemies, but as they replicate on their own, little by little their purpose changed, and now they want to hunt down all humans and kill all life. So in this sense, screamers are both enemies of both the Alliance and NBE. Screamers attack the human pulse, but the wristband makes them believe that the person wearing it is dead. Radioactivity has corroded their outer shells and their shrill voice is the only sign of their approach - unless you see them running towards you, when you will usually see a cloud of reddish dust from the ground of the planet.Rodgers () lets Michael Ace Jefferson (Andrew Andy Lauer) to talk with the Captain. Chuck tries to make some research on the screamers - even after losing their brain they have impulse reactions of aggression. He realises that the programme within the screamers has been modified. Jefferson is shocked to hear that he is the only survivor of 38. The Captain is worried about the nuclear reactor which was going to be used to manufacture more weapons. Ace didn't know that it was there. Ace says that Green is already dead, there is no such ceasefire and he was aimed to Tritom 4, where there is another war going on. The Alliance Command took Green's life. The Captain is really angry, his expectations of peace quashed. Chuck still believes in Green's message. Joe thinks that they are stuck in the planet, and that they have been being fed rubbish to keep them on the planet and their families back on Earth happy. Cooper and the NBE also know that it's best for the moral in Earth that they stay on Sirius 6B, forgotten. The Captain wants to go to the NBE headquarters and create their own ceasefire. Chuck says that the NBE wanted two people, in a way offering himself to go. The Captain says that he will go with Ace, who is almost a kid. Chuck will stay behind and become the First-in-Command in case any other starship falls out of the sky.Chuck bides farewell to Joe and Ace. The planet is icy and snowy, with constant winds. Joe will communicate every 4 hours. If they miss the time twice, it will be because they will be dead. Pop music sounds.They reach an abandoned berynium factory. Ace is told that he will know if the red cigs are working if he doesn't die. Ace doesn't know anything about the war. The Captain is tired of it all and wants to come back in peace, as his world has been shattered for long enough. A screamer passes them by undetected. Ace shoots a screamer which was eating a huge rat; Joe says that screamers are scavengers and that they learn fast. Ace wonders if they are cybernetic or alive. The Alliance created them, but now nobody knows how many screamers are or where they are.They jump to the floor when they see somebody.A child's voice asks Can I come with you? There is a child standing there. He looks terrified. The boy is holding a teddy bear. He says he is living in the ruins. The boy is a bit vague about what he eats and how he hides from the screamers. The Captain gives him a food ration, and they will pick him up on their way back. The boy wants to go with them, and Ace agrees about that. Joe looks at the boy and accepts.That night, over a bonfire, they ask his name: David Edward Dearing (Michael Caloz). His parents died in the blasts. Ace explains how to fry rats.Joe calls Chuck, who says that they had a new recruit. It's a bit strange but it's OK. David laughs about a bug which scares Ace out of his wits. Joe and Ace have a restless night.A screamer approaches. Joe is playing with David's teddy bear. Ace was keeping guard, but he was listening to an erotic disco music, that's why he didn't hear the screamer. Joe has killed the screamer, which is different and looks like an animal.Ace talks and talks; Joe tells him to shut up. They cross a frozen lake and the three of them are detected by somebody who is coughing. They have reached NEB headquarters. The person shoots David.David shows to be a robot. He screams like the screamer he is until Ace kills him off.The NEB soldiers tell them that the screamers now tag along, and that once when they are in is when the killing starts. Joe shows them the peace negotiation offered by Richard Cooper. His mate Becker (Roy Dupuis) asks him if he is really let them inside their bunker, to which the Officer says that yes, he is about to, and he questions if he has something better to do today.Joe calls Chuck and tells him that he's found a new type of screamer which looks like a kid, so not to let anybody in. Chuck can't hear properly.Ace and Becker take out his shotgun cockily, but Jessica Hanson (Jennifer Rubin) interrupts. She is boss there, and is worried about drinking real Scotch, not some synthetic bullshit. She used to be a freelancer dealing in the black market. She has helped Becker and taken him in.Richard Cooper must be at headquarters, because that place is like a hidden hotel. Joe still insists in going to the Command building. She will show Joe the underground way there if he promises to take her back to Earth. He tells her that Earth will not be a welcoming place, as there is a new war in Triton 4. Joe admires her beauty - she is half naked washing herself with a sponge in front of him. Jessica recounts how an army of Davids killed the NEB soldiers.Ace and Becker dislike each other. Ace discovered that she has a plutonium rocket. Joe doesn't want to use it.So they start through the underground corridors. Rats scare Ross (Charles Edwin Powell). They open a trapdoor and they find a dead body. Jessica moves on, not scared, saying that they are almost there.They reach the ground level of Command Centre.Joe tells Ace that he is not going to trust Ross. There is blood everywhere and Ross becomes hysterical and shoots, so everybody is going to see that he won't do anything stupid. Joe says that Cooper would be there if he was alive. Joe tries to communicate with somebody, but the system is not working very well. They see a small screamer-kangaroo. It connects itself to the main computer, takes the info and leaves. Joe et al. cannot do anything apart from hiding themselves. Luckily, the screamer doesn't detect them. Nobody moves while the screamer stares at them. Fortunately, it is about to leave, but Ross makes some noise and it attacks the noise. Ross shoots the jumping screamer, damaging all the computer unis.Suddenly, Can I go with you now? is heard. Joe tells Ace to take everybody away from there. Joe is left behind and checks the computer system with the design of the modern screamers. Type 1 the rat/kangaroo looking thing. Several Davids are approaching - they are Type 3, and Joe has to shoot one of them. Joe checks for Type 2, but he has no time left. Ace returns to help Joe to leave the place. They take a lift. Becker was waiting for them.Joe asks what Type 2 was. Jessica says that it was a wounded soldier crying Help me, Help me. Joe says that the Alliance never saw one, and wonders why. Ross, the scaredy soldier who keeps on repeating and repeating Get off my back is considered to be a Type 2. Becker kills him by throwing a knife at his belly. Joe picks up the knife and sees that it has blood on it. Joe says that Ross was killed for no reason at all.Then, Jessica threatens Becker saying that he may be the Type 2 screamer. Joe decides to leave the place. Jessica wonders if Joe's men would let the remaining people in if Joe dies. He says that if Chuck is clever, he won't let anybody in. Becker says that he doesn't repent.Joe, Ace, Jessica and Becker leave the place.When they get to the bunker, Chuck tells him to get closer as he can't hear well. Screamers repeat themselves, and that's how Joe realises it's not a human speaking to him. An army of Davids get out of the bunker. They can be set fire easily and finally the nuclear rocket is thrust onto the bunker.Becker becomes wounded and screams Help me. Ace stands up and tries to help me. Becker is a screamer and kills Ace.Becker says that he is his own self, and that he has not love, which is a human emotion. Ace is dead, as Joe checks. Jessica says that they are going to die, but Joe says that not today. Joe speaks of a way out of the planet. Joe saw a sign and cuts Jessica's hand to check that she is human. She tells him that he doesn't need to do that. They kiss passionately. At Alamo, where berynium was first discovered, there is an escape pod. Joe tells Jessica that he doesn't have anybody apart from her when she wants to give up.They reach Alamo, which works with Joe's biological data, and only his. They try to make everything work. There is something blocking the way, and Joe goes to solve the problem while Jessica gets down to the pod. The countdown begins.Chuck appears and hits Joe. Chuck has become a screamer. Chuck says that he took Cooper's face before, and mocks that he mentioned god and Jesus. Joe gives him a shortcut when everything looked lost because he was strangling him.Jessica has looked at everything. There is only a place in the pod. Joe tells Jessica to go. She says she can't go, as only him can fly the pod. He suggests calling heads or tails, but then he puts a glove on top of the coin and they kiss passionately.Another Jessica appears. The first Jessica says that she was trying to tell him. The two Jessicas fight for Joe. The second Jessica wanted to get onto the pod herself. The second Jessica kills the first one. The rocket is ready to leave and the first it emits kills the second wicked Jessica. Joe tells the first Jessica that they have become human, as they are killing each other now. The first Jessica says that she also learned how to love, and dies.Joe enters the pod and goes to Earth. He throws away the wristband which detects screamer.The teddy bear has started to move - it's a screamer.---written by KrystelClaire
tags: horror,  cult,  suspenseful,  murder, 

title: Basket Case
synopsis: Dr Julius Liflander (Bill Freeman) tries to leave his home/laboratory, but he gets scared by the movement of the surrounding trees. Back home, he locks himself up and tries to call the police. A huge hand attacks him and kills him viciously.Duane Bradley (Kevin Van Hentenryck) arrives to New York from the northern small town of Glen Falls, to the ugly Hotel Broslin. Anthony (Robert Vogel), the hotel manager, mocks him and asks for twenty bucks a night. Duane is loaded, pays in cash and is given room 7. On her way up, Josephine (Dorothy Storngin) chit-chats about the old guest in his room. Once inside his room, Duane unlocks his basket and feeds it a huge quantity of hamburgers. Duane reads a thick volume of medical papers, where he appears as a patient. At night, Belial, the body in the basket, tries to talk to him, but Duane only wants to sleep. We know that Belial can leave the basket on his own. Josephine warns Duane that Bryan Mickey O'Donovan (Joe Clarke) was peeping through the keyhole because he saw the wad of bills which Duane had.Duane takes the basket to see Dr Harold Needleman MD (Lloyd Pace). Sharon (Terri Susan Smith) is the receptionist. She tries to make small conversation with Duane, who sees Dr Needleman under the name of Duane Smith. Duane rejects Sharon at first, but then he asks for her number and sets on a date. Needleman looks at the huge scars on the right side of Duane's body. When Needleman gets rid of Duane, he tries to contact Lifflander and when he can't, he phones Dr Judith Kutter (Diane Browne), who falsely denies of knowledge of Glen Falls. Meanwhile, Duane goes to the cinema to see a boring film, and he dozes off. A thief (Tom Robinson) steals the basket, and is attacked by Belial when he opens the basket. After Sharon has left, Duane leaves and opens the box. Belial is free to terrorize and kill Needleman, and also takes Needleman's address book.Duane buys a television set for Belial, so that he can go out with Sharon. They kiss, but as Belial has a telepathic link with Duane, he gets frantic and messes up room 7. All the guests and the receptionist run to see what happens and they enter the room. O'Donovan realises where the cash money is. Apart from the mess, nothing strange appears on the room. They all leave, but O'Donoval comes back to take the money. He is attacked and killed by Belial on room 8. Duane feels sick because of Belial's terror, so he comes back running to the Broslin Hotel. The police is already there. A detective (Kerry Buff) registers room 7, asking Duane about a dog, but finds nothing. Belial had hidden on the toilet.Duane takes the basket to a bar, where he gets drunk. Josephine keeps him company. Duane says all the truth to her, but she doesn't believe him. Duane talks about their mother, who died giving birth to them. Belial and him were brought up by their aunt (Ruth Neuman), as their father (Richard Pierce) would like to kill them both, especially Belial. A social worker (Ilze Balodis) visits them, as Aunt has asked for custody. She is terrified when he sees a younger Duane (Sean McCabe) with Belial at his right side of the body. Father thinks that Belial is not even a person. No doctor dares to try to separate both twin brothers, as it would mean the death of Belial, but finally, three doctors perform the surgery. At night, Duane is woken up. He picks Belial up from a rubbish bag put out with the rest of the rubbish. That night, when Belial recovers, kills Father by cutting him in half. Aunt will keep on taking care of the brothers. After this story, back at the Broslin Hotel, Josephine puts Duane to bed and leaves. Back on her room, Josephine realises that Belial is there, caressing her. She screams and wakes all the guests up. Belial is gone fast. He has stolen Josephine's sexy underwear, and takes it with him to his basket.Dr Kutter is a vet. A dog barks to the basket. With plenty of noise and blood, Belial kills her.Sharon visits Duane after she comes to know that Dr Needleman is dead. They try to make love but Belial doesn't want Duane to have or sex, or be in love, or be independent. Duane gets angry with Belial for the first time. Belial hesitates in killing Duane.Duane dreams of himself runnin naked through the city. Sharon is sleeping naked. Duane touches her on her dream and then he starts making love to her. Suddenly, he wakes up. He realises that it was not a dream: Belial is making love to her. By that, Belial is killing her with lots of blood spilled all over the place. Duane is so anry with him that he tries to kill him. Duane takes Belial back to the hotel. He and Belial die because they fall through the window because of the fight. Basket Case (1982) happens to be one of the greatest shoe string budget horror films ever made. A true cult classic and a tragic tale of brotherly love and jealousy. The sleazy surroundings and characters that the movie was shot in and around adds to it's charm. Duane and Belial are a pair of brothers you don't want to cross paths with. This film was such a success that it spawned two sequels and a funny cameo in another. Highly recommended.
Belial?
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  psychedelic, 

title: Willard
synopsis: Willard Stiles is a meek social misfit who later develops a strange affinity for rats. He lives in a large Victorian home, with only his cranky and decrepit mother Henrietta for company. On his 27th birthday, he is humiliated to come home to a birthday party thrown by his mother, where all of the attendees are her own aging friends. After having left the party in embarrassment, he notices a rat in his backyard and tosses it pieces of his birthday cake. Later, his mother gets upset with him for leaving the party and she scolds him while also discussing how badly the house is falling apart. The next morning he goes out and feeds another rat (this one has babies with it) while imitating their squeaks. His mother starts telling him that he needs to kill the rats that have been running around their yard, which Willard refuses to do.
When Willard goes to work he is promptly scolded by his boss Al Martin for tardiness and no attempt to get assignments done on time. Later he returns home and sets about killing the rats as his mother ordered. He puts food on a center rock in a large well, placing a wooden plank to act as a bridge for the rats. When the rats have gathered on the rock, he removes the plank, trapping the rats. He then turns on the water, intending to let the well fill up and drown the animals. However, his guilt will not allow Willard to carry through the plan, and he turns off the water and returns the plank to its place, allowing the rats to escape. When his mother asks if he killed the rats, he lies and tells her he did.
That afternoon he begins playing with a rat he names Queenie, and begins teaching the rats words like food and empty. He sees a white rat and immediately takes a liking to it. The white rat becomes his best companion and he names it Socrates for his wisdom. Numerous other rats quickly emerge, one of which is a bigger black specimen whom he names Ben.
At work, Mr. Martin continues to antagonize Willard, telling him he will not give him a raise and then urging him to sell his mother's house. Willard sneaks up to a party Mr. Martin is throwing, opens his suitcase which has rats in it, and then urges them to go get the food and ruin the party. The guests begin screaming and Willard laughs behind the bushes where he is hiding.
The next day Willard's mother dies. He discovers that the house is heavily mortgaged. After this Willard is pressured by the banks to give up the house.
Willard decides to bring Socrates and Ben to the office with him. He sets them on some shelves and tells them to be good. One of his friends at work gives him a cat named Chloe. Chloe constantly claws at the suitcase where Ben and Socrates are hiding. Willard hands her off to a complete stranger and drives away.
The rat population is getting too big, and Willard cannot afford to feed them much longer. He decides to steal money from his boss, using his now-trained rats. He orders the rats to tear it up and puts them in front of the office door.
Later, at home, Willard gets mad at Ben and starts putting him outside the bedroom, but Ben persists in sleeping in his room.
The next day he again takes Ben and Socrates to work. One of the workers spots the rats and Mr. Martin bludgeons Socrates to death, leaving Willard devastated. After Mr. Martin confronts Willard over the theft, Willard instructs the rats, led by Ben, to kill Mr. Martin. Unnerved by Martin's gruesome death, Willard then abandons Ben, goes home and begins sealing up any holes through which the rats could gain entry. He also puts as many rats as he can into cages and drowns them in the small pool outside.
Willard has dinner with Joan, a co-worker he likes, but is startled to look up and see Ben back in the house staring at him from a corner shelf. He gets up and notices hordes of rats running up the stairs from the basement. He orders Joan to leave and locks the door before confronting Ben. Willard stalls and begins mixing rat poison, but Ben reads the box and squeals loudly, alerting the others, some of whom attack Willard. In an act of desperation, Willard tries to hit the rats with a broom, but misses. He runs upstairs but the other rats come after him. Shutting the door, he stands there terrified. The rats begin to gnaw at the door and eventually break in to devour him, and he says to Ben, I was good to you! The camera zooms in to a close-up of Ben and the credits roll.
tags: revenge,  horror,  grindhouse film,  murder,  violence, 

title: Scooby-Doo! And Kiss: Rock and Roll Mystery
synopsis: Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo are traveling to an amusement park called Kiss World to see Kiss at their big Halloween concert and solve a mystery, mostly because Daphne has a crush on Starchild (Paul Stanley), much to Fred's jealousy.
After Scooby and the gang arrive, security chief and former government defense employee Delilah Domino refuses to let them in. So they sneak in and are caught by Delilah. At that moment, KISS arrives, and after the gang explains that they are there to help, they tell her the kids are free to stay. However, The Demon (Gene Simmons) is against Scooby and the gang staying, because when Scooby and Shaggy first saw him, Scooby squirted him with a water gun. Shaggy and Scooby are chased by an entity; fortunately, Kiss comes to their aid. They tell the gang that the entity chasing Shaggy and Scooby is called the Crimson Witch, and she has been terrorizing the park for a while, and they need her gone before the concert.
A strange fortune teller named Chikara says that the witch is from an alternate universe called Kissteria and plans to use the black diamond that Kiss uses in their hit song Detroit Rock City to summon a monster called The Destroyer to destroy the earth, which Velma finds hard to believe. In order to stop the Crimson Witch, the gang uses the diamond to lure the witch. However, the Crimson Witch chases them through a portal to KISSteria to get the black diamond. She manages to get the diamond and unleash The Destroyer, but the gang and Kiss arrive to stop The Destroyer.
While Kiss performs at their concert, Scooby and his friends use a spaceship to defeat The Destroyer. The gang then return to Earth, where they wake up believing that the witch's gas caused them all to have a hallucination. They unmask the Crimson Witch as Delilah, who wished to sell the black diamond (needed for laser technology) to a competing defense company to get back at her former employers.
Later, Starchild (Stanley) kisses Daphne right in front of Fred. Daphne then gives Fred a kiss on the cheek, much to his delight. The Demon (Simmons) gives Shaggy and Scooby a smile. Shaggy and Scooby then see Kiss fly away with the black diamond. Shaggy asks Scooby if they should tell Velma about what they saw. However, Scooby suggests they do not, stating Why rock her world?
tags: horror, 

title: The Cell
synopsis: Child psychologist Catherine Deane (Jennifer Lopez) is hired to conduct an experimental virtual reality treatment for coma patients: a Neurological Cartography and Synaptic Transfer System device managed by Drs. Henry West and Miriam Kent that allows her to enter a comatose mind and attempt to coax them into consciousness. The technology is funded by the parents of her patient, Edward Baines (Colton James), a young boy left comatose by a latent viral infection that causes an unusual form of schizophrenia. Despite Deane's lack of progress, West and Kent reject Deane's suggestion to reverse the feed to bring Baines into her mind, fearing the unknown consequences of him experiencing an unfamiliar world.
Serial killer Carl Rudolph Stargher (Vincent D'Onofrio) traps his victims in a cell in the form of a glass enclosure that slowly fills with water by means of an automatic timer, then uses a hoist in his basement to suspend himself above their bodies while watching the recorded video of their deaths. He succumbs to the same schizophrenic illness and falls into a coma just as the FBI identifies him, leaving them without any leads as to the location of his latest victim, Julia Hickson (Tara Subkoff). After learning of this experimental technology, Agent Peter Novak (Vince Vaughn) persuades Deane to enter Stargher's mind and discover Hickson's location.
Deane enters the dark dreamscape of Stargher's twisted psyche, filled with doll-like replicas of his victims. Stargher's innocent side manifests as Young Stargher (Jake Thomas) and leads Deane through his memories of abuse he suffered at the hands of his sadistic father. Deane nurtures Young Stargher in hopes of getting Hickson's location but she is thwarted by another manifestation: King Stargher, a demonic idealization of his murderous side that dominates the dreamscape. King Stargher torments Deane until she is mentally at his mercy, making her forget the world is not real. Dr. West discovers this while monitoring Deane's vitals. He warns that what happens to Deane while she is integrated into Stargher's mindscape will inflict neurological damage on her real body. Novak volunteers to enter Stargher's mind to make Deane remember herself.
Inside Stargher's mind, Novak is captured and subjected to King Stargher's torture while Deane looks on as Stargher's servant. Novak reminds Deane of a painful memory to reawaken her awareness that she is in Stargher's mind. Deane breaks free of Stargher's hold and stabs King Stargher to free Novak. During their escape, Novak sees a version of the glass enclosure with the same insignia as the hoist in Stargher's basement. Novak's team discovers that after the hoist's previous owner went bankrupt, the government hired Stargher to seal up his property. Novak races to the property, where the enclosure is completely filled but Hickson is treading water and breathing through a pipe. Novak breaks the glass wall and rescues Hickson.
Deane, now sympathetic to Young Stargher, locks her colleagues out and reverses the feed of the device to pull Stargher's mind into her own. She presents a comforting paradise to Young Stargher but he knows it is only a temporary reprieve from King Stargher. He shifts to Adult Stargher to relate a childhood story of when he drowned an injured bird as a mercy killing to prevent its torture at his father's hands. King Stargher intrudes as a scaly snake-man but this time, Deane is in control and she beats him to a bloody pulp before impaling him with a sword. However, Young Stargher exhibits the same injuries as King Stargher, and killing either manifestation kills Stargher. Adult Stargher reminds her of the story of the bird and implores her to save him. Deane carries Young Stargher into a pool, putting him out of his misery as Stargher dies in the real world.
In the aftermath, Deane and Novak meet outside of Stargher's house. The FBI has officially excluded the mind technology from their inquiry and Deane has gotten approval to use the reverse feed on Baines. The final scene is of Baines walking to embrace Deane inside the paradise of Deane's mindscape.
tags: dark,  psychological,  cult,  alternate reality,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  sci-fi, 

title: Cape Fear
synopsis: Danielle Bowden (Juliette Lewis) narrates her thoughts about the Cape Fear River, not wanting to relive the past. The past begins with, Max Cady (Robert De Niro) being released from prison. His body is covered with tattoos about vengeance. Across town, Danielle helps her mom Leigh (Jessica Lange) with her home business, and Sam Bowden (Nick Nolte) exits a courthouse, talking to Claude Kersek (Joe Don Baker). Their lives later intersect at a movie theater, where Max is behaving badly and smoking.Sam plays racquetball with Lori Davis (Illeana Douglas), but is concerned over his image. Max introduces himself and reminds Sam that he's out of prison, who he blames Sam for his incarceration. Later, Leigh sees Max watching the house at night.The next day, Sam asks Kersek for options. Sam confesses that he didn't defend Max during a case because he was disgusted by the report. Max confronts Sam repeatedly, making suggestive remarks about Sam's family. Sam offeres to pay him off, but Max says no. Max has learned law in prison, and knows how to avoid prosecution. Later, Sam finds that his dog has been poisoned. He suspects Max, but has no proof. Leigh is distraught.Sam talks to Lieutenant Elgart (Robert Mitchum), who tries to harass Max into leaving. Sam punches Max, but Max doesn't respond. Later, Max picks up Lori at a bar and attacks her. Sam goes to see her in the hospital, but she's too scared and embarrassed to testify against Max. Kersey advises Sam to try and trap Max, but Sam refuses.Sam and Leigh argue over Sam's relationship with Lori. Kersey tells Max he should leave, but Max says he's within the limits of the law. Max continues to harass Sam and his family. Kersey offers to hire thugs to beat up Max, but Sam doesn't want to break the law. Max calls Danielle, pretending to be her Drama teacher, and arranges to see her alone in school. They kiss, and later Sam realizes something happened, and arranges for thugs to attack Max. Max turns the table on them and knows Sam was behind it. Danielle seems to be in love with Max.Max hires lawyer Lee Heller (Gregory Peck) to represent him, and has a tape of Sam threatening him. The judge grants a restraining order against Sam, and threatens to disbar him. Sam asks Kersek for a gun, and Kersek realizes that the disbarment meeting (in Atlanta) is a chance for Max to catch Sam's family without Sam. They arrange a trap for Max.Kersek wires the house with monofilament wire, but Max impersonates the maid and strangles him. Sam goes berserk, but Leigh stops him from chasing after Max. The Bowdens flee town, but Max is hiding under their vehicle. Sam and his family rent a boat on Cape Fear River, and Max follows them. Max grabs Sam and cuts the rope mooring them to the shore. He grabs Sam and ties him up, then approaches the girls. Danielle squirts Max with lighter fluid as he lights a cigar, and Max jumps overboard.Max climbs on board and conducts a mock trial, trying to get Sam to admit that he hid evidence during Max's trial. Max orders the girls to undress, but the boat, gryating wildly in the river, knocks Max over. The girls jump off, but Max grabs Sam and they struggle. Sam handcuffs Max to a railing and gets off the boat before it falls apart. Sam and Max fight on the remains of the boat, Max laughing hysterically. Before Sam can kill him, the boat sinks, taking Max with it.The family regroups, and Danielle narrates the ending.
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  neo noir,  mystery,  violence,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  revenge, 

title: Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers
synopsis: The film opens on October 30, 1988, nearly ten years after Michael Myers's last murderous rampage in Haddonfield, Illinois. An ambulance from Smith's Grove, IL makes its way along the road in a thunderstorm toward the Ridgemont Federal Sanitarium, where Michael, who has been in a coma since then, has been incarcerated. After the apprehensive transfer crew is seen off by medical chief of staff Dr. Hoffman, the ambulance makes its way up the driveway in the storm and back out onto the highway toward Smith's Grove. While in the ambulance, he hears that eight-year-old Jamie Lloyd, his niece and the daughter of Laurie Strode, his first target, is residing in Haddonfield. He immediately grabs and repeatedly bashes a hospital attendant's head against the wall of the ambulance and stabs his finger right into his skull. The other attendant, trapped by the ambulance's locked doors, can only watch helplessly. Soon after, the film introduces Jamie, who has been adopted by the Carruthers family and is still mourning the loss of her mother. Laurie supposedly died in a car accident eleven months earlier. Her older foster sister Rachel comes into her room and consoles her, telling her that she will love her just as much as her mother did. Rachel sends Jamie off to bed and exits the room. Jamie kneels down next to the bed and says her prayers when suddenly, lightning and thunder crash outside, startling her. The door creaks open and as Jamie gets up to close it, the reflection of Michael, donned in his classic white mask and black coveralls, appears in the mirror. Jamie returns to her bed and instantly, Michael's hand reaches out from under the bed and grabs her by the leg. Jamie struggles, gets loose, and runs to her closet. Opening the door, a second Michael appears in front of her, raising his knife. Jamie screams again, attracting the attention of her foster mother, Darlene, who rushes into the room. She finds Jamie, shaking on the floor of her closet, traumatized after what was only a horrific nightmare.Dr. Loomis angrily marches into Hoffman's office the next day, berating him about the transfer of Michael Myers. Hoffman explains that it was mandated by federal law; as he does, he is interrupted by a phone call informing him of an accident involving the ambulance that was carrying Michael Myers. Immediately Loomis smells trouble, and the two men drive to the site of the accident. The state police have secured the scene; the ambulance is upside-down in a river with blood on both the outside & interior. One trooper tells Hoffman it was likely an accident, but Loomis does not believe it. Despite Hoffman's admonishments, Loomis wades into the river & walks round to the ambulance's rear. Inside is a scene of horror; blood is sprayed all over the walls & floor of the ambulance. Immediately, Loomis heads toward Haddonfield, certain that Michael Myers is headed there. Meanwhile, at a gas station, a mechanic works beneath a car, calling for someone to hand him a wrench. When he hears no response, he slides out. There is Michael, raising a long, sharp pole in the air. He thrusts it down into the mechanic's stomach, killing him instantly. Loomis soon after arrives at the gas station and finds the mechanic's body, hanging by a chain from the roof. He also finds several other bodies and immediately sees Michael, standing against the back wall. Loomis shoots at him, but Michael disappears. Loomis scurries out to the exterior of the gas station, barely catching Michael driving away in a truck. Just after, the entire gas station explodes. Loomis survives after crouching behind a nearby barrel.Meanwhile, Jamie is coming home from school to see several kids coming upon her, taunting her that she has no mother. Jamie runs from the scene, crying. At home, Rachel plans to go out for Halloween with her boyfriend, Brady, but her parents refuse and force her to take Jamie trick-or-treating. Rachel protests and Jamie overhears, upset at the fact that Rachel doesn't want to spend any time with her. After seeing Jamie's reaction, Rachel finally grudges to babysit her that night.At the city drug store, Brady and his friend, Wade, stand watching Kelly, a seductive young woman who is the daughter of Sheriff Ben Meeker. Wade wants to ask Kelly out on a date, but Brady and their other friends are worried because of her strict father. Wade ventures over to Kelly, but before he can say anything, she rejects him mercilessly. Wade stands there, totally embarrassed, as Brady and the other guys laugh hysterically. Soon after, Rachel and Jamie arrive to buy Jamie a Halloween costume. While there, Rachel leaves Jamie to tell Brady that they will have to cancel their date. Brady is frustrated and very angry with this last-minute blow-off. Jamie, left alone, finds a clown costume very much like the one that Michael Myers wore at age 6 when he murdered his sister. While looking in the mirror at the costume, Jamie sees her reflection change to that of a young Michael Myers who killed his sister 25 years before. Michael's hand seizes a white mask behind her; Jamie swirls around and sees him right there, pulling the mask down over his head & ready to strike. Screaming, Jamie backs into the mirror, shattering it. Rachel, at the other end of the store, kissing Brady passionately, hears Jamie's scream and rushes over to her. She finds her sitting there alone, unharmed. Rachel asks what is wrong and Jamie replies that she saw the nightmare man. Rachel dismisses this as only Jamie seeing a creepy mask and takes her home. But immediately after they exit the store, they do not notice that Michael's reflection appears in one of the shards of glass from the mirror.By this time, Loomis has reached Haddonfield after hitching a ride with an eccentric preacher. He marches into the sheriff's office, asking to speak to Sheriff Leigh Brackett (from Halloween 1 & 2), but is told that Brackett retired 3 years later & moved to Florida. A tall man at the back of the room introduces himself as the new sheriff; Ben Meeker. Loomis explains to a skeptical Meeker that Michael Myers is on the loose again and is in Haddonfield, hunting for Jamie Lloyd. When one of his deputies is unable to reach the state patrol due to downed phone lines (caused by the fire Michael started at the filling station), and Loomis tells the sheriff that 6 people are already dead, Meeker believes him and starts a hunt for Jamie & Rachel. Radio & TV stations are also called by the sheriff's office, and told to broadcast the order to clear the streets so the hunt for Myers can begin.That night, as Rachel's parents are about to leave, Michael enters the house and walks upstairs into Jamie's bedroom. He sees the box of pictures of Laurie and picks it up with his severely burned hand. Afterward, Mr. and Mrs. Carruthers exit the house and Rachel takes Jamie out trick-or-treating. As they leave, Michael watches them carefully. Rachel and Jamie go to different houses, soon arriving at the Meeker house and Rachel sees Kelly, dressed in a t-shirt and panties and manages a hello. Then, to her horror, Rachel sees Brady coming down the stairs! Rachel begins to storm off angrily, but Brady takes off after her. He tells her that he was only angry that she called off their date, but she accuses him of just hopping off to the next best thing. Then, suddenly, without Rachel noticing, Jamie leaves with several other kids. Rachel soon after leaves Brady, who runs back into the house with Kelly. By this time, Rachel notices that Jamie is gone and begins to search the streets for her, panicking out of her mind.Meanwhile, at a bar in Haddonfield, a television blares out a news report about Michael Myers having escaped. Earl, the old hilbilly bartender, orders everyone to be quiet and listens carefully to the report. Apparently, the sheriff's office is ordering all businesses in Haddonfield to close down. This frustrates Earl, who calls the police station, but he receives no answer. This arouses the feeling of suspicion in him and he and a few customers head off with their rifles in a search for Michael.At this time, Dr. Loomis arrives at the Carruthers house with Sheriff Meeker and Deputy Logan. Dr. Loomis searches Jamie's bedroom upstairs and finds the overturned box of Laurie Strode's pictures on the floor. As Sheriff Meeker comes upstairs, Dr. Loomis tells him that he is sure that Michael has been here. Sheriff Meeker is not convinced until they both find Sunday, Jamie's dog, dead in her closet. Dr. Loomis suggests that he and Meeker go off to find Jamie. As they leave the house, Meeker orders Logan to stay behind in case Michael or the Carruthers return to the house.Meanwhile, at the local power plant, an electrician by the name of Bucky is working late. As he turns around from his work, he sees a shape lurking behind his truck. It is Michael! Bucky becomes angry, thinking Michael is a teen trying to perform a prank, and heads over to him. He tells Michael that he is going inside to call the police and threatens him if he moves one muscle. As Bucky heads inside for the phone, Michael begins to follow him. Bucky swirls around and Michael grabs him by the shirt, throwing him onto the power unit. Sparks fly as Bucky is electrocuted and Michael watches as the lights in several houses go out.At this time, on the streets of Haddonfield, the children are being picked up from trick-or-treating. It is getting late and Rachel is becoming increasingly worried that she still hasn't found Jamie, who is lost and afraid in the bad part of town where there is no one to help her. As Rachel continues to search for Jamie, Michael watches through the broken window of an abandoned house nearby. Rachel walks down an alley and finds a dead end. Around a corner, she sees the shape of a man shrouded in smoke. It is Michael! Frightened, Rachel runs through a yard and hops over a fence, barely escaping. Meanwhile, Jamie sees a bush rattling in front of her. She hopes that it is Rachel, but she knows better than that. She begins to threaten whatever the thing is in the bushes when Rachel instantly appears. They run towards each other and embrace. Soon after, Dr. Loomis and Sheriff Meeker arrive in a police car. They inform Rachel and Jamie of what is going on and put them in the back seat. Just as Meeker is about to drive away, he instantly sees a masked face behind a building. It is Michael for sure this time. But then, behind another corner, a second Michael stands, and a third. Meeker is confused, trying to decide which is the real one, when suddenly, two of them pull off their masks. They are only kids playing pranks. Meeker is distracted from the third Michael and yells at the kids to go home. He gets back in the car and he, Dr. Loomis, Rachel, and Jamie drive away. As the car speeds away from the street, the real Michael stands right behind them, silently watching.They soon after arrive at the police station. Dr. Loomis and Meeker go in, finding it ransacked and several bloody bodies on the ground. At this time, Earl and the hillbillies pile out of their truck and enter the police station. Meeker tells them that this is police business and to stay out of it, but Loomis tells Earl & the other men that Michael Myers is responsible. Earl and the others are furious when Meeker tells them to let the police handle it. One of Earl's friends, a man named Al, had lost his son 10 years before in Michael's first homicidal rampage. Earl angrily informs the sheriff that it will be handled HIS way. 'We're gonna fry his ass', Earl tells Meeker, who berates Loomis for starting a lynch mob. Loomis angrily counters by reminding Meeker his police force is decimated. Not long after, Meeker receives a call from Logan, who has heard about the catastrophe at the station. Meeker orders Logan to go to his house to call the State Force. Logan hangs up and as he drives away from the Carruthers house, Michael sits calmly in the back seat, waiting for a chance to strike. After his car is gone, Richard and Darlene Carruthers return home and find that Rachel and Jamie are not there. Darlene becomes very worried. Meanwhile, Earl and the hillbillies are driving down the road when one of them claims to have seen Michael behind a bush. They all get out of the truck and repeatedly shoot at the bushes until they are positive that he must be dead. Walking over to the bushes, they find the body not of Michael, but of someone they know. Earl becomes annoyed at the hillbilly for his mistake.Meanwhile, Brady and Kelly are on the floor of the Meeker house, making out when suddenly, the headlights of Meeker's police car appear on the wall. Brady and Kelly hurriedly get dressed and pretend to sit on the couch, reading magazines. As Dr. Loomis, Meeker, Jamie, Rachel, and Logan enter the house, Rachel sees how oddly Brady and Kelly are acting and knows exactly what happened. Meeker orders Rachel and Jamie to go upstairs and for Kelly to lock all the downstairs windows. He tells Dr. Loomis to go downstairs and watch the police radio and gives Brady a shotgun, asking him to secure all the beams in the attic. As Brady turns to go upstairs, Meeker warns him that if he catches him groping Kelly he'll have to use the shotgun on him. Brady runs upstairs, beyond frightened. Logan walks out to his car and sees that the back seat door is open. Worried, he gets his gun out of the trunk and goes back inside. Meanwhile, Brady goes upstairs to check on Rachel and Jamie. Not knowing what's going on, he asks Rachel, who informs him that Jamie's uncle, Michael Myers, is trying to kill her. After this, Brady arrives in the attic, nailing down all the loose beams. Instantly, he hears a noise, startled, and turns around, but nothing is there.After Jamie goes to sleep, Rachel heads downstairs and finds Logan sitting in a rocking chair with the shotgun. She asks when they can go home and Logan replies that it won't be for long, just not to worry. Rachel exits the room when suddenly, Michael's face appears out of the shadows, but this goes unnoticed to Logan. Meanwhile, down in the basement, Meeker and Dr. Loomis receive a transmission through the radio. It is someone by the name of Frank Bute in Tuckerville. Meeker informs him of Michael Myers; Bute angrily asks if it's a Halloween prank. Meeker informs him it is NO JOKE and the troopers are needed immediately. Frank says he must get some information and Meeker sits, waiting. Dr. Loomis heads upstairs to the living room and meets Rachel. He asks about Jamie, knowing how much danger she is in, and Rachel replies that she is fine. Dr. Loomis tells Meeker that he is going to the Carruthers house to search for Michael and exits the house, Logan locking the door behind him. In the kitchen, Kelly is making coffee. Rachel comes in, angry at how Kelly tore apart her relationship with Brady, and they end up getting into an argument. Kelly snaps back at Rachel that she had better wise up to what men want or Brady wouldn't be the last man she'd lose to another woman. This is the last straw for Rachel, who takes the cup of coffee and pours it onto Kelly's shirt. Flabbergasted, Kelly gasps at her.Downstairs in the basement, Meeker calls out through the radio, but no one is answering. Rachel goes down to see what is going on and he orders her to man the radio while he goes out to wait for the state troopers. As Rachel is waiting for a transmission, she hears a creak behind her, but sees nothing. Upstairs, Jamie wakes up, seeing that Rachel is gone, and is worried. Sitting up in bed, she begins to look around. In the kitchen, Kelly is finished making coffee and brings it into the living room to Logan, who is still seated in the rocking chair, shotgun in hand. Kelly sets the tray on the table and lights a candle. As the light floods through the room, she sees in horror Logan's lifeless corpse on the couch, blood trickling from his mouth. Kelly's eyes instantly dart over to the rocking chair. The man with the shotgun begins to stand up. It is Michael! As Kelly backs against a door, Michael raises her into the air and shoves the shotgun through her stomach and the door behind her, leaving her body hanging there.In the basement, Frank finally comes back on the radio. Rachel answers and Frank tells her that the troopers will be there in 35 minutes. Rachel, sure that everything is alright now, heads back upstairs to the living room. She sees the rocking chair empty and begins to worry, when suddenly, she finds the corpses of Logan and Kelly and screams out. Hurriedly, she runs upstairs for Jamie. Tripping on the stairs, she gets back up and enters the bedroom. Jamie is gone! Rachel runs back downstairs and in her haste, runs into Brady, who believes that Jamie is probably dead. Rachel fights against his opinion defiantly as Brady goes to the front door. But it is locked and they are trapped in the house! Instantly, Jamie appears outside another upstairs room. Rachel runs up to her when Brady sees something. It is Michael, slowly advancing towards them! Rachel, Jamie, and Brady all run upstairs. Rachel and Jamie reach the attic stairs, calling for Brady, but he is staying behind to fight off Michael. Soon after, Michael reaches the top of the staircase and Brady attempts to shoot him, but the bullet goes the other way. Michael throws Brady against the wall, causing his nose to bleed. Grabbing the shotgun, he hits Michael in the face with the gun's butt. Swinging it again, Michael grabs it from him and throws it over the railing. Brady punches Michael in the face, but Michael grabs his hand and squeezes, breaking it. Lifting Brady into the air, Michael digs his fingers into his cheek. There is a crunch as Brady presumably dies. Rachel and Jamie arrive in the attic and begin hastily throwing things down onto the staircase, attempting to block Michael's entrance. But Michael fights through the rubble, reaching the top of the stairs. Seeing a tin can full of butcher knives, he grabs the sharpest one and heads toward Rachel and Jamie. Rachel grabs a suitcase and uses it to break the window. Jamie gets on Rachel's back and they climb up onto the roof. As they try to reach the arched part of the roof, they miss and Rachel trips on a loose shingle, sending them sliding backwards. Jamie turns around and screams as she sees Michael climbing up with them. Rachel lowers Jamie down to the chimney, but upon seeing Michael again, Jamie slips and slams into it instead. Michael soon reaches them, taking a swipe at Rachel's face. Rachel dodges the blow and ties Jamie to a cord, lowering her off of the roof. Suddenly, Michael strikes again, causing Rachel to lose grip of the cord and forcing Jamie to drop halfway down. Michael tries to strike Rachel, sending her falling over off the roof. She grabs onto the edge and begins to move to the side. Michael brings the knife down one last time and Rachel lets go of the roof, plummeting to the ground. Michael, thinking she's already dead, heads down to ground level to continue after Jamie.By this time, Jamie has safely lowered herself to the ground and runs over to Rachel, who appears to be dead. Suddenly, Michael appears at the side of the house and begins to slowly walk towards Jamie. Jamie runs down the street, screaming for help, when instantly, Dr. Loomis leaps out from behind a tree and grabs her. He asks her where the schoolhouse is and she points somewhere behind him. They run off towards it, looking for a safe place to hide. Entering the schoolhouse, Dr. Loomis tells Jamie that they are safe, but Jamie knows that they both don't really believe that. Dr. Loomis tries to open the doors of several rooms, but they are all locked. As they turn to leave, Michael suddenly appears and shoves Dr. Loomis through the glass door. Jamie runs down the hallway, screaming, banging on all the locked doors. She crouches down in a corner, putting her hands over her face, sobbing. Looking up, she sees no sign of Michael. Jamie begins to stand up, walking back through the corridors, not believing that Michael is truly gone. She looks around every corner when she instantly sees him standing on a stairwell, knife in hand. Jamie screams again and begins to run down another staircase leading to another door, but trips and falls the rest of the way down. Michael slowly creeps down after her as she crawls toward the door. She is about to reach it when Michael grabs her by the leg! It appears he is victorious when suddenly, Rachel appears in front of Michael and sprays him with liquid carbon dioxide, blinding him & enabling Jamie's escape.The hillbillies arrive at the schoolhouse soon after, hearing the alarm sounding off. Rachel runs outside and tells them that Michael is inside. They begin to head inside, attempting to kill him, but Jamie warns them not to. The hillbillies eventually decide to leave and let the state troopers handle Michael. Earl, Rachel, and Jamie get into the front seat with the rest of the hillbillies in the back of the truck, shotguns at the ready. As they head out of town, they encounter 4 Illinois State Police cars racing down the highway with lights & sirens towards Haddonfield, in response to Sheriff Meeker's call. After 2 of the men signal the troopers, the last one stops & tells them to proceed to a highway patrol substation about 4 miles down the road. They are some distance away from Haddonfield when suddenly, Michael's hand appears at the back of the truck and he begins to lift himself into the back. One of the hillbillies notices his presence and attempts to hit him with his shotgun, but Michael is too quick and stabs him in the back. Michael grabs Al, another hillbilly and stabs him in the side, and grabs several other hillbillies and throws them against the tailgate, causing it to burst open and throw them out into the street. Inside the truck, this entire action goes unnoticed by Earl. Michael throws the last hillbilly off the truck and Earl finally hears a noise. He looks behind him through the back window when Michael's hand breaks through the driver's side window and grabs Earl's neck. Jamie and Rachel watch in horror as Michael's fingers stab into Earl's neck, drawing blood and twisting, breaking it. Earl is dead. The truck swerves, causing Jamie to fall into the floorboard. Rachel opens the door and shoves Earl's body out, taking over the wheel. She jerks the truck this way and that, trying to make Michael fall off, but he keeps his grip, reaching through the broken window and grabbing Rachel. Rachel fights him off and slams on the brakes, sending him finally falling off and rolling across the street. As he stands up, Rachel has an idea. She floors the accelerator and slams into him. He goes flying into the field nearby, his grip loosening on the knife, appearing to be dead. At this time, the police cars arrive and Rachel runs out to talk to them, ordering Jamie to stay in the truck. But Jamie is too curious as she walks over to Michael's lifeless body, taking his hand in hers and feeling along his burn marks. Rachel and Sheriff Meeker instantly see her and yell for her not to touch him. Suddenly, Michael's grip tightens on the knife as he slowly begins to rise. Jamie ducks down as the police repeatedly shoot him. He staggers backwards from the multiple shotgun/rifle blasts and soon after tumbles into an abandoned mine shaft.Sheriff Meeker escorts Jamie and Rachel home to a worried Richard and Darlene Carruthers. Dr. Loomis arrives as well, assuring everyone that Michael is buried in hell, where he belongs. Darlene goes upstairs to the bathroom and turns on the bathtub water, calling for Jamie to take a bath. Suddenly, someone appears in the hallway and puts on a mask. It begins to walk towards the bathroom, grabbing a pair of scissors. The shape approaches Darlene and downstairs, everyone hears her scream. Dr. Loomis runs to the staircase, raising his gun and watches in terror as he sees what is going on. Sheriff Meeker, Richard, and Rachel run after him. It is Jamie, wearing the clown mask, clutching the bloody pair of scissors with a menacing look on her face. Michael has been reborn! Everyone watches in horror as Jamie begins to raise the scissors high into the air...
tags: good versus evil,  cult,  horror,  murder,  violence, 

title: Shin seiki Evangelion Gekijô-ban: Air/Magokoro wo, kimi ni
synopsis: In 2015, fifteen years after a global cataclysm known as the Second Impact, teenager Shinji Ikari is summoned to the futuristic city of Tokyo-3 by his estranged father Gendo Ikari, the director of the special paramilitary force Nerv. Shinji witnesses the United Nations forces battling an Angel: one of a race of giant monstrous beings whose awakening was foretold by the Dead Sea Scrolls. Because of the Angels' near-impenetrable force-fields, Nerv's giant Evangelion bio-machines, synchronized to the nervous systems of their pilots and possessing their own force-fields, are the only weapons capable of keeping the Angels from annihilating humanity. Nerv officer Misato Katsuragi escorts Shinji into the Nerv complex beneath the city, where his father pressures him into piloting the Evangelion Unit-01 against the Angel. Without training, Shinji is quickly overwhelmed in the battle, causing the Evangelion to go berserk and savagely kill the Angel on its own.
Following hospitalization, Shinji moves in with Misato and begins settling into life in Tokyo-3. In his second battle, Shinji destroys an Angel but runs away after the battle, distraught. Misato confronts Shinji and he decides to remain a pilot. Evangelion Unit-00 is repaired and Shinji tries to befriend its pilot, a mysterious, and socially isolated teenage girl named Rei Ayanami. With Rei's help, Shinji defeats another Angel. The pilot of Evangelion Unit-02, teenage girl Asuka Langley Soryu, loses her self-confidence following her defeat, and spirals into a deep depression. This is worsened by her next fight, against an Angel which attacks her mind. In the next battle, Rei self-destructs Unit-00 and dies to save Shinji's life. Misato and Shinji later visit the hospital where they find Rei alive but claiming she is the third Rei. Misato forces Ritsuko to reveal the dark secrets of Nerv, the Evangelion boneyard and the Dummy Plug system which operates using clones of Rei.
Asuka is reduced to a catatonic state by her depression, and Kaworu Nagisa replaces her as pilot of Unit-02. Kaworu, who initially befriends Shinji, is revealed to be the final Angel. Kaworu fights Shinji, then realizes that he must die if humanity is to thrive and asks Shinji to kill him. Despite his initial hesitation, Shinji kills Kaworu. Soon after this act, Nerv and SEELE trigger the forced evolution of humanity, termed the Human Instrumentality Project, in which the souls of all mankind are merged into one through Rei. Shinji's soul grapples with the reason for his existence and reaches an epiphany that he needs others to thrive, enabling him to destroy the wall of negative emotions that torment him. This allows him to be reunited with all of the main characters, who congratulate him.
tags: psychological,  cult,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  psychedelic,  action,  philosophical, 

title: The Glove
synopsis: Sam Kellog (John Saxon) is an ex-cop who works as a modern day bounty hunter in Los Angeles. He works for bailbondsman Bill Schwartz (Keenan Wynn) and is assigned to bring in ex-convicts and criminals who have skipped bail. Kellog is frustrated over the low amount of money he receives from his jobs. Recently divorced, Kellog's ex-wife is threatening to end weekend visitation rights to their young daughter over missing several alimony payments. One day, Kellog is offered a large, off-the-book $20,000 bounty by his former police commander, Lt. Kruger (Howard Honig) to bring in an ex-covict named Victor Hale (Roosevelt Grier) who is suspected in the murders of various former prison guards in the L.A. area. Hale was brutalized in prison by the guards who used a five-pound, leather-covered, steel glove called the 'riot glove' and has been using a copy of it to murder the prison guards who used to beat him with it. Kellog takes the job, aware that the 20 grand reward will solve all of his financial problems.
Over the course of the film, the acton switches back and forth between the lives of the protagonist Kellog, who narrates several aspects of his life, as well as the antagonist Hale, who in between murdering the former prison guards, makes a living as a guitarist in a jazz band, and is popular and well liked among the tenants in the low-income housing project where he lives. Hale soon realizes that Kellog is on his tail when he learns that Kellog has been asking questions about Hale's whereabouts. Hale begins stalking Kellog as well as making phone calls to his house to stop trying to find him.
At the climax, Kellog and Hale finally meet face to face when Kellog tracks Hale to the roof of Hale's apartment building where Hale (whom annoys Kellog during most of the film by addressing him as hound dog) offers to make bringing him in a challenge by giving Kellog his riot glove to fight him with. Kellog accepts and a brutal and climatic brawl occurs on the roof of the building where both men batter each other senseless. The fight ends in a stalemate when both of them collapse against a wall, exhausted, and Kellog concedes defeat by removing the riot glove. To show that he does not hold any grudge against him, Hale helps Kellog up and begins to escort him from the building until Lt. Kruger suddenly shows up and shoots Hale to death. Kruger tells Kellog that the bounty for Victor Hale was to kill him, not to bring him in alive. The residents of the building, after hearing the gunshots, rush up and literally beat Kruger to death for killing one of their own, leaving behind the battered and bloodied Kellog on the floor. In a final voice-over, Kellog explains that he neverless received the $20,000 bounty for Victor Hale and, having used the money to pay off all of his debts, was able to regain visitation rights to his daughter.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  realism,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  revenge, 

title: Scooby-Doo and the Witch's Ghost
synopsis: After Ben Ravencroft, a famous horror writer of whom Velma Dinkley is a huge fan, assists her and the Mystery Gang in solving a case at a museum, he invites them to his hometown, Oakhaven, Massachusetts. When they arrive, they find the town converted into a tourist attraction by Mayor Corey, complete with 17th-century replicas and attractions based on the alleged ghost of Sarah Ravencroft, an ancestor of Ben's who was persecuted as a witch and executed by the Puritan townspeople in 1657. Ben disputes this, claiming Sarah to be a Wiccan who used natural herbs to heal people and reveals for years he has been searching for Sarah's medical journal to prove her innocence.
Scooby-Doo and Shaggy Rogers are chased by a witch and run into Ben and the gang. They find broken tree branches at the scene and are drawn to an all-female Gothic rock band, The Hex Girls, led by Sally Thorn McKnight. The gang then decides to split up; Fred and Daphne stay to watch the Hex Girls, Velma and Ben go explore an old barn and Shaggy and Scooby follow the Mayor. Fred and Daphne see Thorn doing some sort of ritual and are convinced the Hex Girls are witches. Velma and Ben find a cherry picker truck in the barn. Scooby and Shaggy follow Corey, until they encounter the witch and flee to the gang.
The gang, the Hex Girls and Ben meet in the woods. The witch appears and gives chase, but is captured by Velma. The witch is revealed to be Mr. McKnight, who is Thorn's father. Velma locates the truck and explains that the truck's arm made the witch appear to fly, with the townspeople jointly involved. Ben scolds everyone involved for exploiting Sarah's good name. Back at Ben's house, Fred and Daphne apologize to the Hex Girls and Thorn explains the ritual was for soothing her vocal cords and that she is actually descended from Wiccans. Corey and Mr. McKnight arrive to apologize to Ben for using his ancestor in their publicity stunt, explaining the witch was to boost the town's failing tourist economy and that they found inspiration from digging up the head marker for Sarah's grave; they kept it secret just not to upset Ben. It is then recalled that Scooby found what appeared to be a shoe buckle earlier, which was actually from Sarah's diary.
Everyone goes to the buckle's location, where Scooby discovers the buried book, which is actually a spell book. Ben reveals that Sarah was indeed a witch, who wielded her terrible and evil magic against many people before the Wiccans used their powers with nature to imprison her within her own spell book. He created the mystery at the museum and engineered the encounters with the gang, as he knew they could lead him to the book. After taking the book from Ben, the gang attempts to flee in the Mystery Machine, but Ben (with his newly acquired powers) renders the Mystery Machine useless by damaging its tires. Ben takes back the book and finally summons Sarah. However, he soon discovers that she has no loyalty to him and her ambitions are to destroy the world, rather than rule it alongside him.
Disillusioned, Ben attempts to imprison Sarah, but she tells him that only a Wiccan could defeat her, and imprisons Ben in a magical sphere. The gang launches an attempt to get the book while Sarah begins to turn pumpkins, trees, and a turkey into monsters in order to stop them. Daphne and Velma free the Hex Girls and Velma convinces Thorn to use her inherited Wiccan power to read the spell to banish Sarah into her imprisonment. However, Sarah manages to pull Ben in to make him suffer her fate with her, and they are both imprisoned inside the book. A burning branch falls onto the book, destroying it, ensuring that the Ravencrofts can never return. All of the monsters that Sarah had created have also returned to normal. The gang and townsfolk celebrate their deliverance with a concert from the Hex Girls with Scooby Doo and the gang (and the still-gigantic turkey) joining in on the performance.
tags: paranormal,  psychedelic,  horror,  mystery, 

title: Two Thousand Maniacs!
synopsis: Six Yankee tourists whom make up two married couples, John and Bea Miller, David and Beverly Wells, plus an unmarried couple of Tom White and Terry Adams, are lured via detour signs placed in the road into the fictional small Southern town of Pleasant Valley by redneck citizens, to be the guests of honor for the April 1965 centennial celebration of the two days where Union troops destroyed the town at the end of the Civil War. The three couples meet the town mayor, Joseph Buckman, and his two right-hand men, Rufus and Lester, as well as shop owner Harper and his girlfriend Betsy. The tourists are initially treated with hospitality and given rooms to stay in the local hotel. However that afternoon, after an argument with her husband, Bea goes off with Harper to a wooded area for alone time where he shows off his pocket knife, but then slices off her right thumb. Harper takes Bea to Mayor Buckman's office where she is accousted by Rufus and Lester who hold her down on a table and dismember her alive with an axe.
Meanwhile, Tom tries to explain to Terry about something strange going on with the town and attempts to contact for help on the outside, but cannot get through. He tries using a local payphone where he tells a friend where he is staying. But unknown to Tom, the person on the other line is Mayor Buckman.
That evening, Bea's dismembered limbs are roasted over a barbecue with the townspeople in attendance. Wondering away from the gathering, Tom and Terry discover a park plaque describing the blood centennial celebration in which they will be killed. While David and Beverly are taken back to the hotel, the drunken John is apprehended by the townspeople and made to participate in a horse race, which entails his body being ripped apart limb by limb by four different horses who are roped to his extremities.
The next day, the remaining tourists are forced to participate in various cruel games which led to their gory deaths. David is rolled downhill in a barrel embedded with nails. Beverly is lured to the town square where she is tied up and is crushed by a boulder held aloft in a contraption resembling a carnival-style dunk tank. After discovering the nefarious plans of the townspeople, Tom and Terry manage to escape from their hotel room with Harper in pursit. They run to a nearby swamp area where Harper falls into a quicksand pit and drowns.
With a little help from a little boy named Billy, whom Tom and Terry take with them as a hostage/guide, they manage to locate Terry's red car and drive out of town while being chased by Rufus, Lester and a horde of townsmen. After releasing Billy, Terry and Tom make it to the nearby main road and drive away. Later, Tom and Terry arrive at a local police station where they tell the disbeliving sheriff about their ordeal. Back in Pleasant Valley, Mayor Buckman orders his people to take down the centennial banner and declares the celebration over.
Tom and Terry return with the local policeman to Pleasant Valley, only discover that the town has disappeared. The policeman is skeptic to their story about the murderous townspeople, but comes to think there may be some truth in it for he tells Tom and Terry the story that 100 years ago as the Civil War was drawing to an end, a group of renegade Union troops attacked the small town of Pleasant Valley and, over two days, massacred the entire population of 2,000 people and burned the town to the ground. But there are local legends that the town's ghosts haunt the clearing and wooded areas where the town once stood. After leaving the area, Tom and Terry finally realize that the all of the townspeople of Pleasant Valley that they interacted with were ghosts who come back from the dead once every 100 years into their contemporary time to kill Northern people as a blood vengance for their deaths. The film ends with Tom and Terry driving away, while the vengeful spirits of Rufus and Lester watch them depart, along with Harper who emerges from the quicksand pit where he drowned. Rufus and Lester talk about looking forward to the next centennial in 2065, when Pleasant Valley will rise again to resume its vendetta against the Yankees and what technology they expect will be in store for them and the town when they emerge from their limbo state. Harper, Rufus and Lester walk into a nearby fog and disappear.
tags: violence,  revenge,  horror,  cruelty,  sadist, 

title: Bakjwi
synopsis: Sang-hyun (Song Kang-ho) is a Catholic priest who volunteers at the hospital, providing ministry to the patients. He is well respected for his unwavering faith and dedicated service, but he secretly suffers from feelings of doubt and sadness. Sang-hyun volunteers to participate in an experiment to find a vaccine for the deadly Emmanuel Virus (EV). Although the experiment fails, and Sang-hyun is infected with the seemingly fatal disease, he makes a complete and rapid recovery after receiving a blood transfusion.
News of his marvelous recovery quickly spreads among the devout parishioners of Sang-hyun’s congregation, and they begin to believe that he has a miraculous gift for healing. Soon, thousands more flock to Sang-Hyun’s services. Among the new churchgoers are Kang-woo (Shin Ha-kyun), Sang-hyun’s childhood friend, and his family. Kang-woo invites his old friend to join the weekly mahjong night at his house, and there, Sang-hyun finds himself attracted to Kang-woo’s wife, Tae-ju (Kim Ok-bin). Sang-hyun later relapses into his illness and wakes in dire need of shelter from the sunlight, having become a vampire.
At first, Sang-hyun feels a new-found vigor but soon he is aghast to find himself drinking blood from a comatose patient. After attempting to kill himself, Sang-hyun finds himself irresistibly drawn to human blood. To make matters worse, the symptoms of EV return and only seem to go away when he has drunk blood. Desperately trying to avoid committing a murder, Sang-hyun resorts to stealing blood transfusion packs from the hospital.
Tae-ju, who lives with her ill husband and overprotective mother-in-law, Lady Ra (Kim Hae-sook), leads a dreary life. She is drawn to Sang-hyun and his odd new physicality, including his inability to resist his desires. The two begin an affair, but when Tae-ju discovers the truth about Sang-hyun, she retreats in fear. When Sang-hyun pleads with her to run away with him, she turns him down, suggesting that they kill her husband instead.
When Sang-hyun's superior at the monastery requests some vampire blood so that his eyes may heal and he may see the world before dying, Sang-hyun flees his position at the monastery. He moves into Lady Ra's house so that he may secretly be with Tae-ju. Sang-hyun notices bruises on Tae-ju and assumes her husband is the cause, a suspicion she sheepishly confirms. Sang-hyun decides to kill Kang-woo during a fishing trip with the couple. He pulls Kang-woo into the water and claims that he placed the body inside a cabinet in a house at the bottom of the lake, putting a rock on the body to keep it from floating to the surface.
A police investigation ensues. Lady Ra drinks herself into shock after her son's death, sinking into a completely paralyzed state. In the meantime, Sang-hyun and Tae-ju are haunted by terrifying visions of Kang-woo's bloated corpse. When Tae-ju lets slip that Kang-woo never abused her, Sang-hyun is enraged because he only killed Kang-woo to protect her. Teary-eyed, she asks Sang-hyun to kill her and let her return to her husband. He obliges by snapping her neck, but after feeding on her blood, decides he does not want to be alone forever and feeds her corpse his own blood. She awakens as a vampire. Lady Ra, knocked to the floor by a seizure, witnesses everything.
Tae-ju quickly shows herself to be a remorseless monster, killing indiscriminately to feed, while Sang-hyun acts more conservatively, not killing unless he has to. Their conflicting ethics result in a chase across the rooftops and a short battle. Some time later, Lady Ra manages to communicate to Kang-woo's friends that Sang-hyun and Tae-ju killed her son. Tae-ju quickly disposes of two of the friends, and Sang-hyun appears to eliminate the third. Realizing the gravity of the situation, Sang-hyun tells Tae-ju that they must flee or be caught. Before leaving with her, he makes a visit to the camp of worshipers who consider him the miracle EV survivor. He makes it seem like he tried to rape a girl, leading the campers to chase him away, no longer idolizing him.
Sang-hyun then places Lady Ra in his car, and with Tae-ju, drives into the night. Back at the house, the third friend (having apparently been hidden by Sang-hyun) escapes. Upon waking from a nap in the car, Tae-ju realizes that Sang-hyun has driven to a desolate field with no cover from the imminent dawn. Realizing his plan to have them both burn when dawn breaks, Tae-ju tries to hide but Sang-hyun foils her every attempt. Resigning herself to her fate, she joins him on the car hood, and both are burnt to ash by the sun, as Lady Ra watches from the backseat of the car.
tags: comedy,  murder,  thought-provoking,  cult,  violence,  horror,  tragedy, 

title: La casa de al lado
synopsis: The Condes, a wealthy and influential family, appear to have it all: money, power, and a close, beautiful family. They were recently rocked by a tragedy when Adolfo (David Chocarro), husband of the eldest daughter Ignacia (Catherine Siachoque) died by falling out a window in the family mansion. The other 2 siblings are Carola Conde (Ximena Duque) and Emilio Conde (Gabriel Valenzuela). Meanwhile, Adolfo's twin, Leonardo, continues to live in the mansion, confined to a wheel chair. When Gonzalo Ibañez (Gabriel Porras) marries Ignacia 6 months later, he is compelled to unravel the mystery of what happened to Adolfo. Mysterious events begin to envelop the Conde family suggesting that Adolfo is alive and well.
Next door live Pilar Arismendi (Maritza Rodríguez) and her husband, Javier Ruiz (Miguel Varoni), with their two children. Behind the gloss of success and family felicity lurks a dark reality and secrets that threaten to devastate both the Ruiz and Conde families. Javier is a highly regarded and influential attorney, who, for years, is employed by the Condes. Javier's privileged position becomes threatened by Gonzalo, who is appointed Javier's business associate by his powerful father-in-law, Renato Conde (Daniel Lugo). Javier will do anything to protect to what he believes he is entitled. Romantic intrigue develops between the neighbors and further confounds the mysteries, the tension, the dangers, and the suspense that loom large in the novela. Pilar has a sister called Rebeca Arismendi (Karla Monroig).
It is revealed that Ignacia, Carola, and Emilio are not biological siblings, as their parents could not have children, and so they were adopted. Emilio gets married to Hilda (Sofia Lama) but they divorce after she gives birth to a child with problems and she soon starts to have problems herself. Emilio starts working as gigolo.
Gonzalo/Inaki Mora, Adolfo/Ismael Mora and Leonardo/Ivan Mora turn out to be brothers, being Mabel and Igor's sons. They want to take revenge on the Condes' so they had thrown Ivan out of the window and Adolfo took his place. They murdered several persons who found out their true agenda. The first person to whom is revealed that Gonzalo is a criminal is Matias (Jorge Luis Pila), Rebeca's fiancee. Gonzalo shoots him, Adolfo being present.
Pilar falls in love with Gonzalo and divorces Javier. Gonzalo kidnaps Rebeca after she had found out that Adolfo/Ismael and him are murderers. Adolfo/Ismael discovers her, she manages to escape but he follows her by car and causes her an accident. She remains paralyzed, mute.
Pilar's twin sister, Raquel Arismendi (Maritza Rodriguez) also wants to get revenge and pour out her wrath on the two families, Ruiz and Conde. She wants to destroy Pilar because she had a better life. Cecilia gave her for adoption because she coul not raise both of them. Raquel had a bad life, was abused by her stepfather, killed him, ended up in prison. She is the author of La Casa de al Lado and Condenados; in Condenados she announces the next murders. She poisons Sebastian. She shoots Ignacia and kills her. She helped Renato Conde to commit suicide. She has a brief fling with Ismael.
In the series finale, Raquel is accidentally stabbed by Pilar. Ismael is burned to death by Carola. Gonzalo is arrested.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  horror,  haunting,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: Scooby-Doo! Moon Monster Madness
synopsis: The film opens with Daphne trying to pass her driver's test and get her license. She is in the Mystery Machine. Velma tells her she can do it, yet despite the encouragements, Daphne crashes the van into a tree. Later she and Velma win a lottery that takes people into space. The two girls soon find themselves going into space along with billionaire Sly Baron, trained astronaut Shannon Lucas, retired astronauts Zip Elvin and Colt Steelcase, alien hunting specialist Ridley, football player Uvininous U-boat Botango, news reporter Clark Sparkman (who instantly takes a fancy to Velma, much to her annoyance) and of course Fred, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo. Fred allies himself with Zip and Colt, much to their dismay. Shaggy and Scooby are happy to see U-boat. Shannon tells Daphne that she scored the highest on the space test she and her friends took, much to Velma's surprise. This causes Velma to become bitter towards Daphne.
Soon everyone is boarding Sly's ship, The Sly Star One and they blast off into space. Once in space, they meet a robot named H.A.M whose sense of humor is horrible and dark. After a while, a mysterious alien starts messing with the ship, causing it to land on Sly's space resort, situated on the dark side of the moon. There they are greeted by Sly's twin brother Hudson and some Sly Bots. Afterwards Scooby and Shaggy go to find some food while their friends go to find the alien. Velma's bitterness towards Daphne increases, causing a rift in their friendship. Fred continues to annoy Zip and Colt. Scooby and Shaggy are briefly chased by the alien and then meet up with U-boat who tells them that when they're scared, they should think of something that doesn't scare them. After a while Fred decides to trap the alien. During the plan to trap the alien, Daphne and Velma still continue to argue and Velma finally says that she wonders what if Daphne is the astronaut.
Afterwards, the gang later catches the alien and it is revealed to be Shannon who states that she wanted to convince people on Earth that space travel isn't safe for amateurs and should be left to professionals. She used her alien costume to make that happen and most of the other characters Scooby and his friends had met during the course of the movie to unknowingly go along in her plan. She then realized that with Scooby and his friends abroad, they would prove the alien hoax and foil her scheme and had to make it hard for them to work together. So she reveals that she lied about Daphne getting the highest score, knowing it would put a strain on her and Velma's friendship, and reveals that it was actually Shaggy who got the highest score (much to everyone's--including Velma and Shaggy's--surprise). She traps the heroes behind a wall of glass, telling them she planted explosive devices all over the resort to blow it up. She heads back to the now repaired Sly Star One and get back to earth alone, leaving the others to their deaths.
Ham reveals that he isn't really a robot but an actor. The gang quickly manage to escape the glass wall and rush into an exact copy of the Sly Star One, built by Hudson. However the tank is broken. Luckily Zip and Colt go to hold it down and they allow Fred to help them, finally accepting him. When the others wonder who will fly the ship, everyone is knocked by pieces of falling metal. Velma tells Daphne she has to fly them home. At first, Daphne protests, but Velma assures her she believes she can do it because she is her best friend.
Upon hearing Velma's kind words of encouragement, Daphne manages to get the ship off the ground and fly everyone home. Once home, the heroes confront Shannon and expose her scheme. She is taken to prison. Once Shannon is taken away, Daphne and Velma reconcile. The movie ends with Daphne once again driving the Mystery Machine with all her friends.
tags: horror, 

title: Babes in Toyland
synopsis: The film begins as a stage play presented by Mother Goose and her talking goose, Sylvester, about Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary and Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son, who are about to be married. The miserly and villainous Barnaby hires two crooks, dimwitted Gonzorgo and silent Roderigo. They are to throw Tom into the sea and steal Mary's sheep, depriving her of her means of support, to force her to marry Barnaby. Mary is unaware that she is the heir to a fortune, but Barnaby is aware and wants it all for himself. Gonzorgo and Roderigo decide to sell Tom to the Gypsies instead of drowning him, in order to collect a double payment.
Gonzorgo and Roderigo return and tell Mary, Barnaby, and the citizens of Mother Goose Land that Tom has accidentally drowned. They show Mary a forged letter in which Tom tells Mary he is abandoning her, and she would be better off marrying Barnaby. Mary, believing she is destitute, reluctantly accepts the proposal from Barnaby. Barnaby unknowingly arranges for the same Gypsies who have Tom to provide entertainment for the wedding. Tom, disguised as the Gypsy Floretta, reveals himself, and Barnaby pursues the frightened Gonzorgo and Roderigo, furious at their deception.
One of the children who live with Mary informs her of some sheep tracks leading into the Forest of No Return. The children sneak away into the forest to search for the missing sheep. The trees of the forest awaken and capture them. Tom and Mary follow and find the children in the forest, where they tell stories about the live trees. The trees seem just like ordinary trees to Tom and Mary. Tom, Mary, and the children camp for the night. In the morning, the trees once again come to life and explain that they are now in custody of the Toymaker in Toyland (who is also the Mayor and Chief of Police). Tom, Mary, and the children happily continue on, escorted part of the way by the trees.
Through the windows of the Toymaker's house they watch the Toymaker's brilliant apprentice, Grumio, present a new machine that makes toys without any manual labor. Overjoyed, the Toymaker speeds up the machine to such a high rate that it explodes, destroying every toy in the factory. Tom, Mary, and the children offer to help make more toys in time for Christmas.
Grumio presents another invention, a shrinking gun that reduces everyday objects to toy size. He warns that if it is used on anything more than once, the shrunken object disappears completely. The Toymaker is at first delighted at the idea of producing toys by shrinking life-sized objects, but then Tom points out the impossibility of finding enough everyday objects to shrink down into the large quantity of toys needed for Christmas. The Toymaker berates Grumio for his stupidity and throws the shrinking gun out the window in disgust.
Barnaby, who has been spying on them, takes the discarded shrinking gun and uses it to shrink the Toymaker and Tom. When Barnaby's henchmen see him threatening to shoot Tom a second time, they abandon Barnaby. They try to flee, but Barnaby shoots them and locks them up with Tom in a birdcage.
Barnaby forces Mary to marry him by threatening to destroy Tom, and he threatens to destroy the Toymaker if he refuses to preside over the wedding ceremony. While the Toymaker draws out the ceremony, Gonzorgo and Roderigo rescue Tom, and the three of them sneak away and return with an army of toy soldiers to fight Barnaby. Barnaby easily demolishes the toy soldiers. He is about to obliterate Tom with another dose from the shrinking gun, but Mary destroys it with a toy cannon. The liquid splatters all over Barnaby and shrinks him to toy size. Tom, after challenging Barnaby to a duel with swords, stabs Barnaby, who falls from a great height into an empty toybox.
Grumio presents another new invention, one that returns shrunken people to their original size. He immediately uses it on Tom, the Toymaker, Gonzorgo, and Roderigo, but not on Barnaby. Tom and Mary are married, and everyone lives happily ever after.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Felidae
synopsis: Francis, an intelligent and cynical cat, is moved to a gloomy, dilapidated house with his owner Gustav Löbel, an architect and erotic novelist. During Francis's exploratory tour of the house, he discovers a cat's corpse. At the crime scene, he meets and befriends Bluebeard, a foul-mouthed, one-eyed Maine Coon.
Soon, Francis discovers another body and the fact that his house's top floor is the meeting site of a sect of cats led by Joker; the members of the sect worship an entity named Claudandus and perform ritualistic suicide by throwing themselves in an electric current. When Francis's cover is blown, he is chased through the city's rooftops. He escapes through a skylight and meets a blind cat named Felicity, who supplies Francis with information on the Claudandus sect. The next day, Bluebeard takes Francis to Pascal, an elderly and tech-savvy cat who has taken to meticulously maintaining a list of feline deaths in the area, though which Francis learns that Felicity is the latest victim. That night, Francis is haunted by a nightmare in which Gregor Mendel leaves him with riddles.
During a rodent hunt, Francis discovers a video recording that documents the top floor's previous use as an experimental laboratory that was devoted to the research and development of a tissue adhesive that would close wounds in an instant. The test subjects largely consisted of stray cats. However, the serums usually failed, causing the animals to suffer painful deaths. The one cat who survived the experiments was christened by the lab's technicians as Claudandus, Latin for He who should or must be sealed. However, Claudandus eventually murdered the project's lead technician, leading to the escape of the other strays and the closure of the lab. Claudandus subsequently became a martyr figure.
Francis gradually traces the neighborhood cats who descended from the strays involved in the experiments and is confronted by Pascal, who reveals himself to be Claudandus. In his pursuits, he saw an opportunity to create a breed of cat that would correspond to the primal ancestor of all domestic cats and be capable of wiping out humanity. The murdered cats, now including Joker, were deemed unworthy of breeding with the pure females that Claudandus had engineered. An additional obstacle in Claudandus's plot is the fact that he is terminally ill with stomach cancer. Although Claudandus deems Francis an ideal successor, Francis defies Claudandus's ambition and attempts to delete the data that Claudandus had gathered. The ensuing fight between the two results in a fire. Francis kills Claudandus in the struggle and flees the scene with an injured Bluebeard.
tags: horror,  psychedelic,  cult,  murder,  violence, 

title: Scooby-Doo! Camp Scare
synopsis: Scooby-Doo and the gang travel to Camp Little Moose, Fred's old summer camp, to vacation and serve as camp counselors. However, on arrival they find the camp empty, except for Burt, the head counselor, and the local Forest Ranger, Ranger Knudsen. They discover that one of the camp's old legends, the Woodsman, has come to life and scared the kids away. Ranger Knudsen suggests Burt close the camp before leaving. Burt is about to listen to the Ranger's advice when three kids, Luke, Trudy, and Deacon, arrive at the camp. Fred convinces Burt to keep the camp open until the Mystery Inc. gang discovers what is going on. But the gang and the kids are soon attacked by the Woodsman. The next day, everyone decides to spend the day at Big Moose Lake, home of the rich and modern Camp Big Moose. While enjoying their time at the lake, they are attacked by the Fishman, another camp legend come to life. During the chase, Scooby-Doo discovers a building at the bottom of Big Moose Lake.
That night, Jessica, Camp Big Moose's head counselor, asks the gang if Camp Little Moose is pulling a prank on Camp Big Moose, explaining that an RV and some sonar equipment are missing from the camp. The gang wonders what purpose the equipment would serve for the Woodsman or the Fishman. Velma uses the RV's tracking device to locate it to Shadow Canyon, where (as Burt explains) the Spectre, another camp legend, resides. Everyone splits up; Fred, Daphne, Jessica, and Luke go investigate the building under Big Moose Lake, and Velma, Shaggy, Scooby, Burt, Trudy and Deacon head to Shadow Canyon. After being chased by the Fishman, Fred and the others discover a whole town under the lake, as well as some dynamite hidden in a cavern. Velma and company discover the missing RV and sonar equipment in Shadow Canyon and find that the sonar equipment is being used to scan the lake. Then, they are chased away by the Spectre.
Everyone meets back at Camp Little Moose to go over what they found. Deacon decides he has had enough and wants to go back to Camp Big Moose, and Jessica drives him. The Mystery Inc. gang decide to ask a local shop owner about the underwater town. He explains that it was a mining town called Moose Creek, that was forced to be evacuated to create the dam and Big Moose Lake. More importantly, the treasure of a notorious gangster named Ricky LaRue is said to still be buried there. Before his death, the gangster had told his cellmate, Baby-face Boretti, that when the sun hits the town steeple on the Summer Solstice, the location of the treasure would be revealed. The gang reasons that the dynamite will be used to destroy the dam and reveal Moose Creek in order for the monsters to find the treasure, as the next day is the Summer Solstice. But doing this would flood Camp Little Moose. The gang returns to the camp to find that the Woodsman has laid waste to it, but Burt, Luke, and Trudy are safe. The gang realizes that if the Woodsman found the camp unoccupied, he would be free to destroy the dam. The dam then explodes, and everyone narrowly escapes.
The gang goes to Moose Creek, now exposed, to explore. There they find Jessica, who explains she was following Deacon. They are then attacked by the Fishman, who chases Fred, Jessica, and Luke. The rest are found by Deacon, who, after locked them up, reveals that he is in fact Baby-face Boretti, who escaped from prison two months prior, and is looking for the treasure. After a long chase, the Fishman is caught and revealed to be the Woodsman. They unmask it again and it turns out to be Ranger Knudsen, who posed as the Woodsman, the Fishman, and the Spectre. The gang also capture Baby-face Boretti, who tries to escape with the treasure. Velma explains that Boretti and Knudsen teamed up to scare away the kids at Camp Little Moose, explode the dam, and take the treasure. When the Mystery gang arrived, Boretti posed as Deacon to try to convince everyone to leave and the two used the sonar equipment to search for the town under the lake. In the end, Boretti and Knudsen are arrested; Burt and Jessica merge the camps to form Camp Little Big Moose at Moose Creek, and the Mystery Inc. gang serves the remainder of the summer as camp counselors.
In a post-credits scene, it is revealed that the Spectre is actually real.
tags: horror, 

title: Le foto proibite di una signora per bene
synopsis: Minou is a wealthy housewife, who yearns for the attention of her husband Peter. However, Peter is frequently busy at work and is rarely at home. Minou is out one night when she is attacked by a strange man, who cuts open her clothes and warns her that her husband is a killer.
Minou ignores what she has been told until she finds that a man indebted to Peter has been found dead. She receives a telephone call from her attacker, who plays a tape recording of Peter discussing the murders. The attacker tells Minou that he will go public with this evidence if she does not come to his house; when she is there he further blackmails her into sleeping with him. However, he has used a hidden camera to photograph the tryst, and continues to use this new leverage to continue blackmailing her.
Dominique, a friend of Minou, initially seems to be trustworthy, but Minou finds pornographic photographs of her blackmailer in Dominique's possession. When Minou leads the police to her blackmailer's home, it has been emptied of all belongings; while Dominique refuses to corroborate that the man even existed. Doubt begins to amass as to Minou's sanity, leading to her suffering a nervous breakdown and taking an overdose of tranquilizers.
tags: cult,  horror,  murder,  suspenseful, 

title: The Scream Team
synopsis: Two children, Ian and Clare, move into a town where their grandfather has just died. Ian thinks his grandfather's spirit is trying to tell them something, finding some library news clippings about a man named Zachariah Kull, who was accused of burning his home with his wife in it. Later, Ian and Clare capture a ghost named Jumper (a dead skydiver) who ends up freed by his partner, Coffin Ed (a revolutionary soldier). They follow them and other ghostly wisps of air into the forest, where they find an abandoned building. Entering, they find arriving ghosts entering a mirror, which leads to the afterlife. Ed and Jumper's boss, Mariah (a dead bride) isn't too pleased with this. Ian and Clare learn that they look for souls that don't want to cross over, and are dubbed the Soul Patrol by Jumper; they ended up with these jobs while waiting for their turn to cross over.
In exchange for letting their grandfather complete anything he wants finished before moving on, the children discover that Zachariah has kidnapped him to increase his powers. The children join forces with the Soul Patrol, to destroy Zachariah and release all the captured souls. They confront Zachariah at an abandoned mine, where Mariah is able to parry his fireballs, but finds he's gained new powers; Jumper ends up captured, further increasing Zachariah's strength. In the end they discover Zachariah was really a misunderstood inventor experimenting with natural gas, and one of his inventions accidentally burned his wife to death. When he was killed, Zachariah told his wife to wait for him, knowing he wouldn't be able to cross over due to desiring revenge against his injustice. At the festival that honors the villain everyone thinks him to be, Zachariah emerges from a burning effigy. However, Clare and Ian reveal the truth, reminding Zachariah that his wife is still waiting for him to cross over. Zachariah releases all of the trapped spirits and finally moves on.
The children and their father return home to find the grandfather's spirit waiting for them; the Soul Patrol kept their promise to let him take care of his unfinished business. He reveals how proud he is of his son, something he never did in life; when asked if he has to leave right away, the grandfather explains eternity can wait awhile and spends time catching up with his son before moving on. The family decides to stay in town, which is changing from bashing the formerly evil ghost to telling the truth about him.
During the day, Ian and Clare visit the Soul Patrol, finding only Jumper and Ed, who explain that Mariah is talking to their bosses in the next world. Mariah returns, explaining that the little spectacle they caused to put an end to Zachariah's terror exposed the fact there is an afterlife; she is left anguished by this as she was almost done working for them, and the punishment is the extension of Mariah, Jumper and Coffin Ed's jobs. Ed visits them while they carve pumpkins with an invention of their grandfather's, avoiding getting hit debris thanks to being a ghost – There are some advantages to being dead.
tags: horror, 

title: Scooby-Doo! Frankencreepy
synopsis: Velma gets a call from Cuthbert Crawley, a lawyer for Velma's family who tells her that she's inherited her great uncle's property and castle in Transylvania. Velma turns the offer down, replying she wants nothing to do with her uncle, puzzling the gang. Mr. Crawley understands, revealing the curse over the estate. He says that if anyone gets too close to the Baron legacy, then what they love the most will be destroyed. As they head outside, Fred hears a noise from the Mystery Machine, then it explodes and a mysterious character with a mask appears. Crawley reveals that it's the ghost of the Baron, Velma's old ancestor. The remains of the machine explode again, with words saying stay away from Transylvania, but Fred declares that is where they're going to find the person responsible for destroying the Mystery Machine, saying this time it's personal.
Having no other option, the gang ride in the express. Velma reveals the truth that her real last name is Von Dinkenstein, which her great grandparents shortened to Dinkley when they moved in from the old country. Her ancestor is Baron Von Dinkenstein, who was said to have created a monster called Frankencreep (which inspired famous novelist Mary Shelley to write her novel Frankenstein). Velma explains that this was the reason that she started solving mysteries. All of a sudden, the train starts to pick up speed. After getting everyone to the last car, Shaggy goes to the front of the train, but finds not the conductor but the Masked Baron's ghost, who states the curse is now affecting the gang just before he tears off the control panel, throws it and disappears. The gang still manage to save the last car, the people, and themselves just as the train derails and explodes. As they arrive in town, the people in the car are the inspector, burgermeister, and Iago, a hunchbacked servant of Castle Von Dinkenstein. He takes them to the castle, where they meet Mrs. Vanders, the housekeeper. They arrive in the Baron's laboratory and find Frankencreep in solid ice. Velma said she could prove that the monster was a fake and tells everyone else to leave. As the rest of the gang leave, Mrs. Vanders shows Velma a machine which hypnotizes her.
Strange things start happening when the gang goes to a village festival. Daphne is shocked to find her current size clothes are now too tight for her, as she has gained weight. Shaggy and Scooby suddenly become brave and courageous and are not hungry either, and Fred mourns his beloved Mystery Machine. Iago arrives and saves the gang, who are being threatened by the villagers, and he tells the gang Velma has gone insane.
When they return, Velma now has pink hair, new clothes, and has brought Frankencreep back to life. The villagers attempt to defend themselves and take down the monster, but Frankencreep scares them off. Daphne and Fred are still miserable by the losses and wander off to be alone, while Shaggy and Scooby, who are still brave, decide to capture Frankencreep themselves. Velma manages to knock out the monster and decides to remove Shaggy and Scooby's brains to put them in Frankencreep (stating the two of them together have one brain). Fortunately, things start to get better, as Fred finds a workshop and builds a new mystery machine, Daphne finds that her dress is an inflatable suit with air and Frankencreep rips off Shaggy and Scooby's new outfits, turning them back to their old hungry and scared selves. When Frankencreep starts to chase them, it accidentally hits the lever of the machine that hypnotized Velma, bringing her back to normal. Iago appears and tells them that they need to leave the castle because it is about to explode. They manage to escape and fake their deaths.
They lure the burgermeister, inspector, gypsy, and Mrs. Vanders to the express train. They trap them in an express car as the train drives. Just as the mystery seems to be solved, Frankencreep reappears revealing to be a robot with Iago, who then reveals he's actually an undercover DOD agent named Shimidlap. He says that one of the exoskeletons the infantry of humans was stolen from their research labs and traced it to Transylvania. It's soon revealed that instead of a suspect, it was actually a conspiracy of revenge: the burgermeister, inspector, gypsy, and housekeeper were all in on this. The inspector is unmasked to be Cuthbert Crawley who is actually Cuthbert Crawls (the partner of Cosgood Creeps where they haunted a mansion as green ghosts in A Night of Fright is No Delight from Scooby-Doo, Where Are You?). The burgermeister is exposed by Velma to be C.L. Magnus (who posed as Redbeard's ghost), and then the gypsy reveals to be Lila (a singer who posed as one of Mamba Wamba's zombies). Finally, Mrs. Vanders is unmasked revealing to be Mama Mione (the cafe owner and criminal gang leader who dressed up as Old Iron Face). She reveals that Iron Face's mask was also the same mask as the baron's ghost had. The four criminals reveal that they planned on getting revenge and once they discover the history of Velma's ancestry, they bought the castle that was sitting on the natural gas which is explosive (unaware that they could have made a huge fortune if they sell the land). They are soon arrested once again and the Mystery Machine is rebuilt and the gang takes off in it heading straight for home.
At the beginning of the end credits, AlexSuperFan2112 points out some of the plot holes of Mystery Inc's mystery. This gets the attention of the DOD who take him away and cut off his computer broadcast.
tags: revenge,  horror, 

title: Goosebumps
synopsis: Zach Cooper and his mother Gale move to the town of Madison, Delaware. While settling in, Zach meets his new neighbor Hannah and her overprotective father Mr. Shivers. Zach and Hannah become quick friends, but Mr. Shivers warns Zach to stay on his side of the fence. At Madison High School where Gale works as the vice-principal, Zach befriends Champ, a socially awkward student. Later that evening, Hannah comes to Zach and takes him to an abandoned amusement park out in the woods where they watch the sun set together on top of the Ferris wheel. When they get back home, Mr. Shivers appears and again warns Zach to stay away from them or something bad would happen.
The next night, Zach hears Mr. Shivers and Hannah arguing, followed by Hannah screaming and something crashing. Zach calls the police, but Mr. Shivers assures the officers that the noise came from his television. Fearing Hannah is in danger, Zach tricks Mr. Shivers into going to the police station for further questioning and breaks into his house with Champ's help. The two find a shelf containing many Goosebumps manuscripts, all of which are locked. Frustrated by Champ's curiosity, Zach unlocks one of the books. When Hannah discovers them, Zach drops the book, releasing the Abominable Snowman of Pasadena. They pursue the Abominable Snowman to an ice skating rink, where Mr. Shivers appears and imprisons it back into the book.
On the way home, Mr. Shivers reveals that he is Goosebumps author R.L. Stine. He created the stories as a child to terrorize the people that made fun of him, but the monsters came to life and became uncontrollable, so he trapped them in the manuscripts. Returning to the house, they find Slappy from Night of the Living Dummy (who was freed after the Abominable Snowman knocked over his book) waiting for them. Angry at being imprisoned, Slappy burns his own manuscript and flees with the others in the Haunted Car (after releasing it from its book) after unlocking the book Revenge of the Lawn Gnomes. They are attacked by the living lawn gnomes. When Stine and the kids try to smash them, each of the gnomes reform, making them realize that they can only run away.
Slappy releases several monsters, letting them rampage under his command. Zach suggests Stine to write a new book that will trap every monster, but he can only do it with his special typewriter which is at the high school. On the way there, Brent Green from My Best Friend is Invisible and the giant praying mantis from A Shocker on Shock Street attack Stine's car, so they are forced into hiding. Will Blake from The Werewolf of Fever Swamp pursues them into an abandoned supermarket, only to be run over by Zach's aunt Lorraine in the parking lot.
As they cut through the cemetery, Zach notices that Hannah glows blue in the moonlight, revealing her not to be an actual teenage girl. They are then chased by the Graveyard Ghouls from Attack of The Graveyard Ghouls, but manage to escape. When they arrive at the school which is having a school dance, Zach privately questions Stine about Hannah. Stine reveals that she is a Goosebumps character (from The Ghost Next Door) he created to cope with his loneliness, of which she is seemingly unaware. Stine finds the typewriter and starts writing a new story based on the events around them, while Zach, Hannah, and Champ lead the students at the dance in fending off all the released monsters that are storming the building. Champ manages to get his crush to kiss him, after he saves her from Will Blake when Davidson abandons her. Slappy confronts Stine and breaks his fingers with the typewriter case before the story is finished.
Stine, Zach, Champ and Hannah use one school bus to trick the monsters, and ride another one to go to the abandoned amusement park. There, Slappy lets out the big pink blob from The Blob that Ate Everyone. Stine hands the book and typewriter to Zach, and distracts the blob by allowing it to devour him. Zach finishes the story on top of the ferris wheel which is then attacked by the praying mantis and it rolls down toward where the bus is parked. They get out alive, but Zach is reluctant to open the book because Hannah will also be sucked inside it. Revealing she knew the truth about herself all along, Hannah opens the book, sucking all the other monsters into it. The blob spits Stine out as it is sucked in. Stine is then attacked by an enraged Slappy, but he manages to kick him into the vortex. Zach tries to hold on to Hannah as the book attempts to suck her in, but she accepts her fate and bids farewell to Zach with a kiss before she is also sucked in.
Sometime later, Stine has started working as Zach's English teacher and is in a relationship with Lorraine. After class, Zach asks Stine if he misses Hannah. Stine says she will always be in their minds and hearts, and then points down the hallway where to Zach's surprise and delight, Hannah is standing. Stine reveals to Zach that he wrote her back into reality with another book. Hannah and Zach kiss and leave school together while Stine burns Hannah's manuscript, making her permanently real. As Stine prepares to leave Madison High School, he sees the typewriter typing by itself inside its display case. To Stine's horror, Brent Green has evaded imprisonment and begins writing a new story titled The Invisible Boy's Revenge.
tags: paranormal,  psychedelic,  horror,  good versus evil, 

title: Uzumaki
synopsis: Uzumaki follows a high-school teenager Kirie Goshima (五島桐絵), her boyfriend Shuichi Saito (斎藤秀一), and the citizens of the small, fictional Japanese town of Kurôzu-cho (黒渦町, Black Vortex Town), which is cursed by supernatural events involving spirals. As the story progresses, Kirie and Shuichi witness how the spiral curse affects the people around them, causing the citizens to become obsessed or paranoid about spirals. Eventually Kirie is affected by the curse as well, when her hair begins to curl into an unnatural spiral pattern, drains her life energy to hypnotize the citizens, and chokes her whenever she attempts to cut it off. Shuichi is able to cut her hair and save her. The curse continues to plague the town, until a storm conjured by the curse destroys most of its structures. The only remaining buildings are ancient abandoned terraced houses, which the citizens are forced first to move into, and then begin expanding as they grow more and more crowded.
Kirie and Shuichi devise a plan to escape Kurôzu-cho, but when they attempt to escape, their efforts are unsuccessful. After returning to the town, they discover that several years have passed since they left, as time speeds up away from the spiral. The other citizens have expanded the terraced houses until they connect into a single structure forming a spiral pattern. Kirie and Shuichi decide to search for Kirie's parents, which brings them to the center of the spiral. At the center, they fall down a pit, within which they discover the corpses of Kirie's parents and an ancient city completely covered with spiral patterns. Shuichi urges Kirie to move forward and find a way to stop the curse, but she replies that she does not have the strength and wishes to stay with him. The two embrace each other, and their bodies twist and wrap together as a result of the curse. As they lie together, Kirie notes that the curse ended at the same time it began, for just as time speeds up away from the center ,it freezes at the center, and concludes that the curse is eternal, and all the events will repeat when a new Kurôzu-cho is built where the previous one laid.
tags: dark,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic, 

title: Scooby-Doo! Stage Fright
synopsis: The Mystery Inc. crew head to Chicago for a talent show, called Talent Star, hosted by Brick Pimiento, where songwriting duo Fred and Daphne are finalists with some high hopes. Upon arrival, they learn that the opera house which the show will be held in is being terrorized by a Phantom, who is intensely lauding one of the finalists to win, Christine, a spoiled girl whose noisy parents are no more polite than her. Fred and Daphne also befriend one of the finalists, Emma Gale, a violinist. Not to be left out, Scooby and Shaggy decide to show Pimiento a juggling act, which they are betting will take the contest by storm. However, after Pimiento states his belief that ‘juggling stinks,' throughout the film, the two continually approach Pimiento and show him numerous terrible impromptu acts.
Not long after checking in for the talent show, the Phantom appears in the opera house and Fred, Daphne and Velma attempt to catch him using the surveillance cameras, but are unsuccessful due to the Phantom’s ability to seemingly appear in multiple places at once. While being chased briefly by the Phantom, Shaggy and Scooby notice the Phantom had a strange lemon scent and afterwards, the gang split up to search for clues. Fred and Daphne meet the owner of the opera house, Mel Richmond. They learn from Richmond that a Phantom once terrorized the opera house thirty-five years ago when it was a disco.
The dress rehearsal commences the next day. Fred and Daphne meet Emma’s parents, who are hoping to get the prize money to save their home from bankruptcy. During the dress rehearsal, the Phantom sabotages most of the finalists’ acts, leaving Christine, Emma, and Fred and Daphne as the only contestants left. Due to these attacks, Fred and Daphne decide to use themselves as bait to lure the Phantom out. The gang manage to track down a Phantom, only to find it is the original Phantom from the 70’s, a man named Steve Trilby. Steve admits to the gang that he vandalized the opera house during the 70’s, due to his hatred over disco music, but that now he only goes into the opera house to get food. The gang return to the stage to find the Phantom setting fire to the opera house. With the help of Steve, they catch the Phantom, who is revealed to be Mel Richmond. However, the gang learn that Richmond isn't the Phantom they are after when they hear the Phantom threatening to destroy the place unless Christine wins.
Later that night, using Emma as bait, the gang manage to capture the Phantom, who turns out to be Christine’s father, Lance. Afterwards, however, Shaggy and Scooby find out that Ottoman is also the Phantom, when they see him putting on lemon-scented hand sanitizer. They rush to Ottoman’s office and find a magazine about the Soap Diamond, which is on display at a mineralogical center nearby. They quickly realize Ottoman ordered all the police to patrol the opera house so that the mineralogical center would be unguarded. They rush to the mineralogical center and find Ottoman running out of the building. Ottoman trips and drops the Soap Diamond, which Scooby catches. Ottoman pursues the gang toward a drawbridge, where Fred tricks him into jumping into a barge filled with garbage, by replacing the diamond with a dog bone. Ottoman is arrested and the gang goes back to the opera house, after being informed that Fred and Daphne are doing a tie-breaking performance against Emma.
The gang arrives back in time for Fred and Daphne to do their tie-breaker performance. The performance takes them in the lead of the voting chart, however, when they realize what it would mean if Emma lost, they decide to tell some of Shaggy and Scooby’s cheesy jokes, which enables them to lose enough votes, allowing Emma to win. At the end of the show, Velma plays the footage which shows Pimiento putting on the Phantom costume. Pimiento admits that he used the Phantom to boost the show’s ratings. After Pimento is taken away, Steve wraps up the show.
tags: horror,  flashback, 

title: Bottles
synopsis: On a dark and stormy night, an elderly pharmacist falls asleep at his stool while mixing poisonous chemicals in a glass bottle. After he falls asleep, the night takes a sudden fantastical turn as his poisonous bottle—topped with a skull and crossbones stopper as a warning label—suddenly springs to life, becoming a malevolent cackling skeleton. Laughing evilly, and screaming Death walks tonight!, the skeleton douses the pharmacist with chemicals that mysteriously cause him to shrink.
Waking up, the pharmacist sets out to explore his store in his new minuscule form and finds that all of the bottles in the pharmacy have similarly sprung to life, with most of them taking on colorful personalities based on their contents: three baby bottles become a trio of crying babies, a bottle of Scotch whiskey becomes a jolly Scotsman (married to the bottle of rum that sits next to him), a bottle of Absorbine and Absorbine Jr. become a father and son, a container of vanishing cream playfully vanishes and reappears, a bottle of smelling salts sniffs everyone in close proximity, and a bottle of India ink takes the form of an Indian snake charmer—charming a tube of Cobra Toothpaste that becomes a live snake.
With the evil skeleton nowhere in sight, the pharmacist joins the bottles in their merriment as they all begin to sing, dance and frolic in turn: three bottles of Cuban rum sing a Spanish song, a pair of rubber gloves spring to life and tap-dance, a bottle of Carmencita-brand powder and a bottle of toilet water dance a flamenco dance, a pair of salt shakers come to life as Dutch children and go ice-skating on a mirror while a bottle of talcum powder drops imaginary snow on them, a bottle of shaving cream happily takes up a shaving razor, and the pharmacist finally takes up a smoking pipe and begins playing it like a tuba.
But all is not well in the pharmacy, as the skeleton has secretly formed an alliance with a small cadre of evil bottles that inhabit the darker corners of the shelves: a bottle of witch hazel springs to life as an old witch, and several bottles of spirits of ammonia open up to release a trio of mischievous singing ghosts. As the witch and the skeleton mix a poisonous brew in the pharmacist's beakers and test tubes, the ghosts fly out to snatch up the pharmacist and bring him back to the skeleton. As the skeleton cackles triumphantly, the ghosts hurl the pharmacist into the glass distiller as it bubbles with chemicals. Helpless, the pharmacist is sent hurtling through the twisting tubes of his distiller, chased and ground up in a mincer (which splits him up into tiny duplicates of himself), only to be hurled back into the distiller after the skeleton sucks him up in a syringe. After sending him through the distiller twice, the skeleton finally traps the pharmacist in a glass beaker, laughing as he ties him up with rubber tubing and attacks him with a pair of scissors, threatening to snip him in half.
Finally, when the pharmacist's death seems certain, he wakes up at his stool, unharmed and back to his normal size. Looking to his bottle of poisonous chemicals, the pharmacist realizes that he had merely been having a nightmare, and laughs in relief.
tags: horror, 

title: Stake Land
synopsis: When a pandemic of vampirism strikes, humans find themselves on the run from vicious, feral beasts. Large cities are left as tombs and survivors cling together in rural pockets, fearing nightfall. When his family is slaughtered, young Martin (Paolo) is taken under the wing of a grizzled, wayward vampire hunter, called Mister (Damici).
Mister takes Martin on a journey through the locked-down towns of America's heartland, searching for a better place in the famed 'New Eden', up north, while taking down any bloodsuckers that cross their path. Along the way, they are joined by fellow travellers, the first being a nun known only as Sister (McGillis), whom they rescue from two young rapists whom Mister kills without hesitation. They continue to move north, avoiding major thoroughfares that have been seized by The Brotherhood, a fundamentalist militia headed by such fanatics as Jebedia Loven (Michael Cerveris), who interprets the plague as the Lord's work.
The group is then captured by The Brotherhood and it is revealed that one of the rapists killed by Mister was Loven's son. As punishment, Mister is left at the mercy of a group of vampires, while Sister is taken as a sex slave and Martin will be kept as a forced convert to the Brotherhood. Martin promptly escapes the Brotherhood camp and discovers that Mister has survived the vampire attack and they drive off together, unable to help Sister.
Coming across a survivors' roadhouse, they pick up another traveler, the pregnant Belle (Harris), who hopes to make it to New Eden to have her child. Later, they also pick up Willie (Sean Nelson), a Marine, who is found hiding in a workmen's toilet having been abandoned as vampire bait by The Brotherhood. Willie informs the group that American forces were withdrawn from the Middle East to help contain the outbreak, and that there is no Middle East to fight over anymore. He goes on to say that The Brotherhood was partially responsible for the fall of America, ramming cars filled with vampires through blockades and crashing airplanes filled with vampires into cities. The four decide to go after Jebedia, whom they successfully ambush, then tie to a tree and leave for the vampires.
The group next encounters a survivors' settlement and discover that Sister also escaped. The same night, celebrations are interrupted when The Brotherhood, using helicopters, drops vampires into town, killing many residents. Though invited to stay and help rebuild the settlement, the group decides to move on towards the north again.
Midway, their car breaks down and they have to continue their journey on foot. They manage to avoid dangerous areas for some time but, while sleeping at an abandoned auto junk yard, they are attacked by 'berserkers', the oldest and strongest kind of vampire. They run into a corn field, and Sister diverts the chase away from the others, then shoots herself in the head when overrun.
After several days of walking through the wilderness, they take shelter in a broken-down school bus turned camper and notice in the morning that Willie is missing. The three search for him, first finding his blanket then finding Willie killed and strung up in a tree. Mister notes he has never encountered a thinking vampire before and warns the others to stay alert. Despite their best efforts, Belle is taken from their campsite during the night and Mister and Martin find her in an abandoned silo the following day, wrapped in barbed wire and bitten. Jebedia Loven, now a thinking vampire thanks to having given himself willingly to the vampires that attacked him, reveals himself and attacks Martin and then Mister. Martin manages to impale Jebedia, and an injured Mister is successful in finishing him off. Martin mercy kills the dying Belle, saving her from becoming a vampire.
The duo then heads north again, acquiring a pickup truck, and they meet Peggy, who lives alone in an abandoned restaurant and who picks off approaching vampires using a crossbow. Martin and Peggy have an instant connection, and Martin easily attacks and kills a vamp outside the restaurant that night, with Mister covertly looking on. The next day, Mister is gone and Martin finds his mentor's skull pendant hanging from the truck's mirror. He and Peggy head off by themselves, finally arriving at the border to Canada, or the New Eden for which they were searching.
tags: horror,  violence,  action,  atmospheric, 

title: Blood Rage
synopsis: Todd and Terry are blond and identical twins. In 1974, one night at a drive-in theater, Terry sees his parents kissing inside the car and escapes from the backseat with Todd. Deep inside, Terry soon becomes violent from always seeing people, including his parents, having sex. Taking a carpenter's hatchet, he murders a teenager having sex with his girlfriend in the backseat in their car, and frames a shocked Todd by smothering the blood onto him and placing the hatchet into his hand. When their mother Maddy (Louise Lasser) and the police arrive on the scene, Todd without question is found guilty and is locked in a asylum.
10 years later, in 1984, Terry lives happily with his mother in their neighborhood Shadow Woods. On Thanksgiving, Terry's insanity revives again when not only his mother is getting re-married again with her fiancé Brad, but news that Todd has escaped from his mental hospital. To ensure that Todd gets framed for the murders for him to go back to the asylum, Terry murders Brad by chopping his right hand off with a machete before splitting his head.
Meanwhile, Dr. Berman and her assistant Jackie go out in search for Todd. Terry greets Jackie before stabbing him with his machete, and murders Dr. Berman in the woods by dismembering her waist. After this, he switches from his bloody t-shirt into a vest. He then proceeds nearby to his new neighbor Andrea, who is babysitting a young newborn baby. They begin to have a relationship until her mother Julie and her date Bill come home. During this, Terry's friend Karen bumps into Todd, who she believes is Terry; Todd announces himself and she flees to tell her friends about her encounter. She also tells Terry about her brother, and he then disappears into the night in search of him, while Karen and her friends Gregg and Artie to go to Andrea's house to party.
Maddy begins to panic upon hearing about Todd coming into Shadow Woods, and Todd breaks down in the woods when he comes across Dr. Berman's body; he takes a hidden revolver with him. Meanwhile at Julie's house, Bill is decapitated by Terry, and Julie is stabbed after this. Terry spies on Gregg and Andrea playing tennis, before he murders both of them by the swimming pool. Artie finds the bodies of Gregg and Andrea, and in his car is held at gunpoint by Todd who tries to truthfully convince him that Terry is actually murdering everyone. When Artie, still under gunpoint, knocks on Terry's door, the latter answers and sees Todd before the said person flees. When Artie and Terry look for Todd, Artie gets stabbed in the neck with a carving fork.
Karen soon discovers Terry's true nature, and he chases her around the neighborhood to kill her; in the process she discovers Brad's body. She flees to Julie's house to find her body, and takes the baby with her. During this, after Maddie contacts the police, she discover's Terry's secret upon finding his bloodied t-shirt in the garbage bin, and horrifyingly discovers Brad's body with his head split open. At the swimming pool, Terry finds Karen with the baby, but Todd arrives and fights his brother inside the pool. While Todd gets pulled out by Karen, Maddie appears and shoots at Terry, killing him and thinking it is Todd. She turns frightened when she realizes that she shot Terry and when Todd reveals himself to her, she commits suicide by shooting herself in the head. The film ends with Karen fleeing with the baby, and Todd remains shocked over his mother's death as police sirens can be heard, leaving his fate unknown.
tags: murder,  violence,  horror,  cult,  insanity,  revenge, 

title: The Muppet Christmas Carol
synopsis: On Christmas Eve, in 19th Century London, Charles Dickens (played by Gonzo the Great) and his friend Rizzo act as narrators throughout the film. Ebenezer Scrooge, a surly money-lender, does not share the merriment of Christmas. Scrooge rejects his nephew Fred's invitation to Christmas dinner, dismisses two gentlemen's collecting money for charity, and tosses a wreath at a carol singing Bean Bunny. His loyal employee Bob Cratchit and the other bookkeepers request to have Christmas Day off since there will be no business for Scrooge on the day, to which he reluctantly agrees. Scrooge leaves for home while the bookkeepers celebrate Christmas. In his house, Scrooge encounters the ghosts of his late business partners Jacob and Robert Marley, who warn him to repent his wicked ways or he will be condemned in the afterlife like they were, informing him that three spirits will visit him during the night.
At one o'clock, Scrooge is visited by the childlike Ghost of Christmas Past who takes him back in time to his childhood and early adult life, Dickens and Rizzo hitching a ride too. They visit his lonely school days, and then his time as an employee under Fozziwig, who owned a rubber chicken factory. Fozziwig and his mother throw a Christmas party, Scrooge attends and meets a young woman named Belle, whom he falls in love with. However, the Ghost shows Scrooge how Belle left him when he chose money over her. A tearful Scrooge dismisses the Ghost as he returns to the present.
At two o'clock, Scrooge meets the gigantic, merry Ghost of Christmas Present who shows him the joys and wonder of Christmas Day. Scrooge and the Ghost visit Bob's house, learning his family is surprisingly content with their small dinner, Scrooge taking pity on Bob's ill son Tiny Tim. The Ghost of Christmas Present abruptly ages, commenting that Tiny Tim will likely not survive until next Christmas. Scrooge and the Ghost go to a cemetery, where the latter fades away, informing Scrooge that the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come will arrive shortly. A fog fills the cemetery, revealing the third Ghost, who appears as a tall, silent cloaked figure. While Dickens and Rizzo abandon the audience to avoid being frightened, the Ghost takes Scrooge into the future.
Scrooge and the Ghost witness a group of businessmen discussing the death of an unnamed colleague where they would only attend the funeral if lunch is provided. In a den, Scrooge recognizes his charwoman, his laundress, and the local undertaker trading several stolen possessions of the deceased to a fence named Old Joe. The Ghost transports Scrooge to Bob's house, discovering Tiny Tim has died. Scrooge is escorted back to the cemetery, where the Ghost points out his own grave, revealing Scrooge was the man who died. Realizing this, Scrooge decides to change his ways.
Awakening in his bedroom on Christmas Day, Scrooge decides to surprise Bob's family with a turkey dinner, and ventures out with Bean, Dickens, Rizzo, and the charity workers to spread happiness and joy around London. Scrooge goes to the Cratchit house, at first putting on a stern demeanor, but reveals he intends on raising Bob's salary and pay off his mortgage. Dickens narrates how Scrooge became a secondary father to Tiny Tim, who escaped death. Scrooge, the Cratchits, and the neighborhood celebrate Christmas.
tags: cult,  horror,  entertaining,  romantic, 

title: The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death
synopsis: Forty years after the events of the first film, during the London Blitz, Eve Parkins joins some of her schoolchildren and the school's headmistress, Jean Hogg, to evacuate them to the isolated market town of Crythin Gifford. On the train journey there, Eve meets dashing pilot Harry Burnstow, who is stationed at an airfield near Crythin Gifford. Upon arrival at the apparently nearly deserted town, Eve is confronted by a raving madman, Jacob, and flees.
Although Eve and Jean do not approve of Eel Marsh House, the isolated manor house on an island in the marshes where they have been billeted, there is no alternative. That night, Eve has a nightmare of how she was forced to give up her baby when she was younger; when she awakens, she hears the noise of a rocking chair coming from the cellar. There she finds a message, scolding her for letting her child go, and sees a woman dressed in black. The next morning, one of the children, Edward, who has been mute since the death of his parents in the bombing, is bullied by two other children and sees the Woman in Black in the nursery. Eve feels that something is wrong when Edward starts constantly carrying around a rotting doll. That night, one of the boys who was bullying him is drawn out of the house by the Woman in Black; Eve finds his body on the beach, mangled by barbed wire.
Eve later sees the Woman in the graveyard, where she finds the grave of Nathaniel Drablow. She chases the ghost to the beach and is overcome by visions of Nathaniel's death. At the house, she and Harry establish the story of the ghost through an old recording made by Alice Drablow before her death at the hands of the Woman in Black: it is her sister, Jennet Humfrye, the mother of the child she adopted, Nathaniel. Jennet is haunting them because of Nathaniel's premature death, and is punishing Eve in particular for giving up her baby. Eve journeys into the abandoned town to confront Jacob, who is blind and therefore unable to be killed by the ghost, as he cannot see her. However, he has been driven insane by the deaths of all the other children (whose ghosts surround him) and tries to kill Eve before she escapes.
Back at the house, Jean finds one of the girls trying to strangle herself under the Woman's spell. During an air raid, the girl suffocates herself using a gas mask. After this death, Harry takes them to his airfield, which is revealed to be a decoy. Harry, the only man stationed there, has been disgraced following a crash in which he was the only survivor, and is no longer allowed to fly. Eve realises that the Woman has followed them. Edward flees and apparently dies by walking into a fire basket. Eve, however, realises that Edward is still alive and at Eel Marsh House. Realising that the Woman in Black wants her alone, she drives to the island, where she finds Edward walking out into the marsh to drown himself where Nathaniel died. She crawls after him, but they are dragged down into the mud by the ghost. At the last minute, Harry arrives and saves them, though he is dragged down to his death instead.
Months later, Eve has adopted Edward, and they are living in London. Although they believe they are free from the ghost, once they leave their house, she appears again and smashes a picture of Harry and his crew.
tags: paranormal,  dark,  horror,  gothic,  haunting, 

title: Hellbent
synopsis: The night before Halloween, a gay couple are making out in a car when a bare-chested killer in a devil mask appears and decapitates them with a sickle.
Halloween, finds Eddie at his job as a police technician talking with his police officer sister. He distributes flyers about the murders and dresses in his father's police uniform for a Halloween costume. While distributing the flyers he meets Jake in a tattoo shop.
Eddie meets with his roommates, Chaz, Joey and Tobey, and they head for the West Hollywood Halloween Carnival. They visit the murder scene, the devil-masked killer appears and they taunt him because they think he's cruising them.
At the Carnival, Eddie spots Jake going and his group goes in as well. Joey sees Jared, who he's had a crush on for weeks, and offers his phone number but is dismissed. Joey goes to the restroom with Chaz. Chaz consoles him, then goes to wait for him outside. Chaz takes ecstasy and leaves when he sees a good looking guy. Jared catches up with Joey in the restroom and apologizes. The killer emerges from a stall and decapitates Joey, taking his head as a trophy.
Chaz goes into another club and the killer catches up with him on the dance floor. Chaz becomes hazy and doesn't realize that the killer is slashing his torso. Then he removes his head while the crowd dances on.
Tobey, drunk and angry that no one's hitting on him while he's in his Halloween drag, spots the killer, who's still carrying Joey and Chaz's heads in trick or treat bags. Tobey pursues the killer, who also dismisses him. When Tobey partially removes his drag, the killer returns and collects his head.
Eddie and Jake arrive back at the Meat Locker, but it's been closed following the discovery of Joey's body. Jake hops a fence to retrieve his motorcycle. Eddie goes after him but Jake's circled around and is back outside. The killer appears behind Eddie and swings his sickle, but misses. Eddie locks himself in a small enclosure and the tip of the killer's blade scrapes Eddie's eye. Jake arrives with a cop and the killer takes off.
Eddie and Jake give their statements at police headquarters and Jake learns that Eddie's eye is artificial. They go back to Eddie's place and start having sex. Jake handcuffs Eddie to his bed and goes in search of condoms. As he's returning, the killer stabs him and leaves him for dead. Eddie hears the struggle and calls out. As the killer approaches and Eddie struggles with the cuffs, Jake hits the killer from behind with a baseball bat. Eddie slips a hand out of the cuffs, tends to Jake's wound and heads off to call an ambulance, but the killer disables the phone. Eddie runs to the kitchen. He finds a knife but also finds the heads of Joey, Chaz and Tobey in a closet. Eddie evades the killer and retreats to his bedroom. As the killer chops at the door, Eddie retrieves his father's gun and some bullets. He gets Jake out onto the fire escape and loads the gun. The killer attacks Eddie yet again, this time sucking Eddie's artificial eye out of his head and knocking him over a railing. With Eddie dangling from the fire escape, the killer returns to Jake. Eddie retrieves the gun and fires, first hitting Jake and then hitting the killer square in the forehead.
Jake is packed off to the hospital and Eddie promises to be there when he wakes up. Eddie's sister gloats over the fallen killer, but Eddie realizes that he's still alive. In the final moment, the killer opens his eyes and bares his teeth, disclosing that he still has Eddie's artificial eye clenched in his jaws.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Scooby-Doo and the Loch Ness Monster
synopsis: The Mystery, Inc. gang travel to Loch Ness in Scotland to see the famous Blake Castle, the home of Daphne Blake's Scottish ancestors as well as her cousin, Shannon. The castle grounds are home to the first annual Highland games, composed of many traditional Scottish sports. When they arrive, Shannon informs them that the castle has recently been terrorized by the Loch Ness Monster. Shannon says she has seen the monster and it is indeed real, a position shared by Del Chillman, the Loch Ness Monster enthusiast and amateur cryptozoologist, and Professor Fiona Pembrooke, a scientist who has stalked her whole career on proving the monster exists. Taking the opposite end of the argument are Colin and Angus Haggart, their father Lachlan, local competitors in the games, and Sir Ian Locksley, the head judge of the games (as well as director of the Scottish natural history museum). Locksley and Pembrooke share a mutual hatred for each other (she was Ian's research assistant at his museum until he fired her for spending too much time on the Loch Ness Monster's trail).
That night, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy are chased by the monster, and destroy the playing field in the process. Velma discovers that the Loch Ness Monster tracks head into town instead of the loch. The next day, the gang and Shannon travel to Drumnadrochit. After enlisting the help of the Haggarty's to rebuild the field, Fred, Daphne, Velma and Shannon take Professor Pembrooke's boat, filled up with out of date research equipment, to search for the Loch Ness Monster by sea, while Shaggy and Scooby take the Mystery Machine and search by land. While Shaggy is distracted, a hand switches a sign on the road leading to Shaggy getting lost. Both groups are attacked by the Loch Ness Monster, which is seemingly in two places at once.
After returning the badly damaged boat back to Professor Pembrooke, the gang discovers Sir Ian has taken it upon himself to patrol the waters with a high-tech ship to prevent any further peculiarities, as he is still not convinced of the monster's existence. On Locksley's ship, the gang and Shannon find something deep in the loch using sonar equipment. They take Locksley's mini-sub down to investigate. In the water, the gang is attacked by the Loch Ness Monster, but is saved by a large magnet claw on the ship (before reaching the surface, the Loch Ness Monster knocks the submarine's sonar camera off of its hull). When they return to Blake Castle, they find Del sleeping in the Mystery Machine, who explains his van has been stolen. The Loch Ness Monster later chases the gang, Shannon and Del into a bog, where it is revealed to simply be a canvas covering Chillman’s van. Fred deduces the Loch Ness Monster to be a decoy, and sets up a trap to catch the real one.
Fred sends Shaggy and Scooby out on the loch to act as bait, while he and Del prepare to use nets to surround the cove to capture the Loch Ness Monster. A large fog appears, blocking visual contact with Shaggy and Scooby. Making matters worse, Locksley’s crew mutinies because they want to capture and sell the Loch Ness Monster, and capture Daphne, Shannon, and Locksley himself. The Loch Ness Monster attacks Shaggy and Scooby, chasing them out of the cove. Locksley’s ship attaches to the nets, dragging Del and Fred with it. The crew attempts to harpoon the Loch Ness Monster, but Daphne and Shannon distract them long enough to make them miss. Just as the Loch Ness Monster is about to attack Del, Fred, and Locksley Daphne captures it by using the ship’s magnetic claw. All of a sudden, a second Loch Ness Monster appears and gives chase to Shaggy and Scooby, but falls into a previously set trap. This monster is revealed to be a huge puppet controlled by the Haggart brothers, and the one Daphne captured is revealed to be a home-made submarine operated by Professor Pembrooke. Pembrooke used a secret entrance in her boat to go into the Loch Ness Monster and operate it. She also hired the Haggart brothers to man the second monster on the assumption that they wanted to sabotage the games, but Angus and Colin reveal that they just wanted to do it as a prank. Velma explains that Pembrooke’s plan was to use her machine to convince Locksley the real monster existed, and enlist his aide in finding it.
The next day, the games begin on schedule, but Locksley calls everyone to his ship to look at new pictures of the monster that his mini-sub's sunken (and yet obviously still working) camera had taken, at a depth well below what a ramshackle home-made submarine like Pembrooke's could survive. These, plus three other photos that Pembrooke had taken several days earlier are enough to convince him that the Loch Ness Monster might be real. The film ends with the gang leaving Blake Castle, during which Velma admits that she is actually glad they didn't find out if the Loch Ness Monster was real. Velma's reason for this being, Some mysteries are best left unsolved. The final scene shows Scooby briefly seeing what could be the real Loch Ness Monster swimming by them in the water.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Lore
synopsis: The return of the Nazi officer father towards the end of World War II upsets the family household in Southern Germany. They pack in a rush, kill the family dog and flee their stately home to hide-out in a secluded cabin in a clearing in the woods in the Black Forest. Lore's mother carefully wraps a porcelain figurine of a deer to take with them.
Lore's father leaves for destinations unknown and with the news of the death of Adolf Hitler, her mother is aware of the fact she will be arrested too, and goes off to a camp voluntarily, abandoning her five children and leaving Lore in charge with instructions to go to her grandmother Omi's house in Husum near Hamburg. Before leaving, Lore's mother gives her all of her jewellery and some money for the train tickets. After the neighbors are no longer willing to sell them any food, Günther is caught stealing so Lore decides it's time to leave. Unfortunately the trains are no longer running so they have to leave all their belongings behind and start their 900 km journey on foot.
The children arrive at the ruins of an abandoned house and Lore discovers the dead body of a woman. She goes into the house to look for her brother Günther and stumbles upon a young man sleeping. The next day they arrive at a church and Lore pays a woman to breast-feed her baby brother Peter. They again run into the young man from the day before.
News and photos of the atrocities committed at the Nazi concentration camps are posted on a wall in the center of the nearby village for all to see. Lore looks at the photos intently and recognizes her father in Nazi officer's uniform.
That evening, they move on to stay the night in a school. They encounter the same young man on his own who later makes a sexual advance on Lore but is rebuffed. The next day he follows them out of the town as they continue on their journey. Arriving at a farm, Lore gives a gold bracelet and her mother's gold ring to an old woman in exchange for food. Lore finds the body of a dead man who shot himself and steals his watch. The old woman begs Lore to leave the baby behind so others will give them food, but she refuses and they leave.
While walking, Lore again runs into the same man. She keeps on walking and he follows them. A truck with American soldiers drives up and stops. When asked for identification, the young man says his name is Thomas and shows the soldiers his Jewish identification papers and says he is Lore's brother. We see he has a serial number from a concentration camp tattooed on the inside of his forearm. The Americans give them a lift. The next day Lore falls ill and Thomas provides food for all of them. While bathing, Liesel questions why Lore doesn't like Thomas. Later Lore approaches Thomas, takes his hand and has him fondle her. When he lays his head against her legs she pushes him away.
The following day while walking in the forest, Lore buries the picture of her father and the picture of him at the concentration camp. They continue walking and reach a river they cannot cross. Thomas offers to go across with Peter. Lore says he'll go across and leave the rest of them. Lore goes down a hill and finds a man with a row-boat. She asks him for help but he is not interested. She then sees Thomas on the road behind the man, so she allows the man to make sexual advances on her to distract him. Thomas hits the man over the head with a rock and kills him. Lore is visibly shaken. They take the man's boat and cross the river, but while climbing the river bank Lore is guilt-stricken and backs into the river with Peter, the baby, in her arms. Thomas pulls them both out and takes Peter from Lore's arms and hands him to Liesel.
Upon reaching the English sector, they are denied passage and must remain in the Russian sector. Lore asks Thomas if he told the soldiers what they did, and he pulls her back from the guards. They decide they will cross into the English sector at night so they can catch one of the trains that are running there. After walking at night in the forest they pitch camp. When they smell somebody cooking, Thomas tells them to stay put and goes off to investigate. A restless Günther sees a man returning and, believing it to be Thomas, runs towards him but is shot and killed by Russians. Thomas then threatens he will leave them behind unless they keep moving on with him.
During an argument with Lore, Thomas says he can't help them anymore and that they can take the train and reach their destination safely. Lore is afraid he will leave them and in her anger and frustration calls him a filthy Jew. She cries and breaks down, so he decides to stay. They manage to board a train but are stopped by soldiers that ask for their papers. Thomas finds he is missing his wallet with his identity papers so he steps off the train to avoid getting caught.
During the final leg of the trip along the muddy tidal plains of the western coast of the Jutland Peninsula, Jürgen confesses that he actually stole Thomas' wallet so he wouldn't abandon them and that the papers weren't his anyway, but belonged to someone else called Thomas Weil, who Thomas had been impersonating.
The four remaining siblings finally arrive at Omi's house. She takes them in, feeds them and lectures them to not ever be ashamed of their parents. She mistakes Jürgen for Günther, and they tell her Günther died in the Russian sector.
Lore goes to her bedroom, which was her mother's when she was a child, and places her mother's porcelain figurine of the deer on the dresser, next to a collection of similar figurines.
Lore finds it difficult to adjust and refuses to cheerfully dance to American music with Liesel in the kitchen. She goes for a walk in the woods and looks at the identity papers and family pictures of Thomas Weil in Thomas's wallet.
Back at the house, they are sitting at the dining table when Jürgen impulsively grabs a piece of bread. Omi scolds him for not waiting to be served by the housekeeper and asks him whether he has ever learned anything at all. Lore is angered by her grandmother's authoritarianism so, siding with her brother, she also grabs a piece of bread without asking, bites into it and intentionally knocks over her glass of milk, pushes the milk off the table into the palm of her hand and drinks the milk. Omi excuses her from the table. Lore goes back to her room, throws the porcelain figurines off the dresser onto the floor and crushes them one by one with her heel.
tags: realism,  horror,  murder, 

title: The Willies
synopsis: === Prologue (Camping Out) ===
Two brothers, Kyle and Josh, and their cousin, Michael (Sean Astin), gather around a campfire and decide to tell scary stories to one another, each one of which they claim to be absolutely true (in the style of urban legends). In the first ten minutes of the film (even before the opening credits), they tell a series of brief stories:
Tennessee Frickasee - A woman at a fast food restaurant finds a rat in her fried chicken.
Haunted Estate - An old man (Bill Erwin) dies of a heart attack after experiencing the terrors of an amusement park's horror ride.
Poodle Souffle - An old woman puts her toy poodle in the microwave to dry off (with predictable results).
At this point, Michael says he knows a story they haven't heard of yet (Kyle asks if it's about when his friends found the pirate ship in that old cave, a reference to Astin's earlier film The Goonies), and promises that this story will give them the willies.
=== Bad Apples ===
A young boy named Danny struggles at his school with bullies and an overbearing, impatient teacher (Kathleen Freeman). The only one who shows him any sympathy is the school custodian, Mr. Jenkins (James Karen). While on duty, Mr. Jenkins disappears in the bathroom, and Danny enters later to find Mr. Jenkins' body with a detached head, and a humanoid monster lurking in the stall. Danny tells his teacher, who goes into the bathroom to investigate, only to be killed by the monster. Danny lures the bullies into the bathroom, and they too are killed. It is soon revealed that Mr. Jenkins was the monster all the time, with his body being a disguise.
Mr. Jenkins moves to another school, where it is revealed that he is still targeting bullies.
=== Interlude ===
Michael explain that his father, the brothers' Uncle Henry, knew Mr. Jenkins personally, hence the accuracy of the story. Kyle and Josh say they have an even stranger story to tell.
=== Flyboy ===
Gordy Belcher (Michael Bower) is a reclusive, mischievous kid who often plays pranks on others, and who is overly obsessed with flies (even pinning them into positions inside a model church). He becomes fascinated with a secret manure created by Farmer Spivey, which causes crops to grow in increased sizes. He often steals the manure from the old man, much to Spivey's chagrin.
After being kicked out of the school after tricking a girl into eating flies, Gordy stops by Spivey's farm, where the old man offers him a special manure with new ingredients, as a way to call a truce. Gordy goes home to find his mother has thrown away all his flies, save for three he kept in a hiding spot. He places them in the jar of manure which causes the flies to grow to an immense size overnight. They attack Gordy when he wakes up, and the boy's parents find him with blood stumps where his arms and legs had been. Gordy awakes the next day with prosthetic replacements.
=== Epilogue ===
The brothers explain that Gordy is now made fun of by the kids he used to pick on. Michael is incredulous, to which the brothers contend that Michael's story was far less believable. At that point, Uncle Henry arrives, and the brothers ask him to prove the story about Mr. Jenkins. Uncle Henry (also played by James Karen) then rips off his face, revealing the humanoid monster from Bad Apples.
tags: violence,  horror, 

title: Believe
synopsis: In 1984  Salford, Georgie Gallagher lives with his widowed mother Erica (Natascha McElhone). His passion for football is challenged by Erica’s desire to have Georgie attend the prestigious, rugby-playing Lancashire Grammar School For Boys, run by the strict and scholarly Dr Farquar (Toby Stephens). Georgie is up for scholarship at the prestigious school pending on his passing of the entrance exam.
Whilst attending an open day at the school, Georgie sees a leaflet for a regional Manchester Junior Football Cup tournament. Determined to enter and beat the team of school bullies, Georgie snatches a wallet from a stranger in the hopes of getting the £20 entrance fee. The stranger happens to be an elderly Sir Matt Busby (Brian Cox), and after tracking him down along with the help of his friend Bob (Philip Jackson), the pair learn that Georgie is an unusually talented footballer. Matt and Georgie reach an agreement whereby Matt will coach Georgie’s football team in exchange for silence over his theft.
Still needing the money to enter the football tournament, Georgie attempts to break into Dr Farquar’s house in order to steal back the tuition fee that Erica had been paying in order to ensure Georgie’s passes his entrance exam to the grammar school. He is caught and arrested, and banned from playing football as punishment.
The team finds an article in the paper about Sir Matt Busby and realize that their coach is the famous manager of the legendary Manchester United team. Feeling betrayed by his team and Sir Matt Busby for not revealing his true identity before, Georgie quits the team and refuses to play in the final. Georgie is deeply hurt, feeling that all adults undoubtedly end up lying to him.
On the day of Sir Matt Busby’s 75th birthday, the team gears up to play the final, while Georgie takes his exam with hopes of passing and receiving his scholarship. Georgie urges Erica to attend the final to cheer on the team. Without their leader, the team is down by 2 goals. In a moment of grace, Dr. Farquar interrupts the game with his beloved brass band, while Erica rushes to get Georgie to play the second half of the match. Georgie confides in his mother and says he wants to win the cup in honour of his late father. In the final moments of the game Georgie scores with a direct free kick to win the cup.
tags: horror,  prank, 

title: Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase
synopsis: In a college computer lab run by Professor Kaufman, two of his students; Eric Staufer and Bill McLemore are working when a virtual creature - the Phantom Virus - comes out of a new game based on the Mystery Gang's past adventures and tries to attack. The next day, Mystery, Inc. themselves come to the college and learn from their friend Eric, that the virus had assumed a lifelike form thanks to an experimental laser which is able to transmit objects into cyberspace, and is now rampant across the campus. The gang goes on the hunt for the Phantom Virus, where the virus chases Scooby and Shaggy through the college. Unfortunately, the whole gang, including the virus, somehow gets pulled into the game after 'someone' activates the laser. Left with no other choice, the gang fight their way through the ten levels of mystery and adventures to complete the game in order to escape it, with the goal of finding a box of Scooby Snacks to complete each level. Their efforts are impeded on each level by the Phantom Virus. The first level is on the moon, second is in the Roman Colosseum, third is in the dinosaur age, fourth is under the sea, fifth is in a (shrunken) backyard, sixth is in ancient Japan, seventh is in ancient Egypt, eighth is in a medieval fantasy setting, and the ninth is in the North Pole.
After a while, they finally reach the game's tenth and final level, where they meet their virtual counterparts (who resemble themselves from previous series, with the exception of Shaggy and Scooby). They team up to confront the Phantom Virus, who wreaks havoc across the final level and summons his friends-various villains from the gang's past including the Creeper, Jaguaro, Gator Ghoul, the Tar Monster, and Old Iron Face. To make matters worse, all the monsters are real. The climax takes the two gangs to an amusement park, where they fight off the creatures and attempt to retrieve the last box of Scooby Snax. During the fight, they use magnets to fight the virus, whom they discover is severely weakened by magnetic forces. Cyber-Scooby distracts the virus long enough for the real Scooby Doo to retrieve the Scooby Snax, beating the game, deleting the monsters, and the Phantom Virus once and for all.
The real gang bids farewell to their virtual selves and head home. Back in the lab, the gang reveals that they now know the culprit, who turns out to be Bill. Bill is arrested by Officer Wembley and confesses that he created the virus to scare Eric away and take all the credit for inventing the laser. He was outraged when Kaufman chose Eric's video game design over his, despite Bill being at the college two years longer, and he felt more deserving to win the cash prize at the science fair. Kaufman then protests that students alike are all equal. Bill was the one who beamed the gang into the game, hoping they would not survive because he was afraid that they would find out that he created the virus. The gang and Eric play the new Scooby-Doo game, during which Scooby interacts with the gang's virtual counterparts once again by feeding Cyber-Scooby some Scooby Snax.
The post-credits scene includes the gang telling what their favorite parts of the movie are.
tags: psychedelic,  horror,  violence, 

title: Mater and the Ghostlight
synopsis: The short film opens with Mater playing pranks on the other residents of Radiator Springs. This sequence culminates with Mater teasing Lightning McQueen as if he had seen the Ghostlight, a Route 66 legend recounted to Pixar by Dean Walker of the Kansas Historic Route 66 Association.
Sheriff admonishes him for mocking the urban legend, but Mater reminds Lightning that it isn't real. Sheriff points out that it IS real, shocking them, and then tells everyone the tale of the Ghostlight. The rest of the gang say goodnight and turn off all the store lights, leaving a nervous and scared Mater all alone in the dark.
During the body of the short, mayhem ensues as Mater is pursued by the Ghostlight, ultimately revealed to be just a lantern affixed to Mater's towing cable by Lightning and Guido. He drives into Willy's Butte and wakes Frank and his tractors and goes into slow motion where he sounds like a bull. The other residents of Radiator Springs watch as Mater drives around frantically with the Ghostlight on his tail, before Mater tires himself out and discovers the truth. The cars tell him it was all a prank to pay him back for all his pranks he played on them. Sheriff gently tells Mater that the only thing to be scared of on Route 66 is his imagination. Doc jokingly adds that all Mater really had to fear was The Screaming Banshee before they all leave Mater, alone and frightened once again.
In a post-credits scene, Mater actually sees The Screaming Banshee but, not realizing it is him, warns him of the Banshee before departing, leaving the monstrous truck confused.
tags: revenge,  horror,  psychedelic,  storytelling, 

title: Kaidan
synopsis: === The Black Hair ===
The Black Hair (黒髪, Kurokami) was adapted from The Reconciliation, which appeared in Hearn's collection Shadowings (1900). An impoverished swordsman living in Kyoto divorces his wife, a weaver, and leaves her for a woman of a wealthy family to attain greater social status. He takes his new wife to his new position as a district governor. However, despite his new wealthy status, the swordsman's second marriage proves to be unhappy. With his second wife being callous and shallow, the swordsman regrets leaving his more devoted and patient ex-wife.
One night while he sleeps, the second wife is furious when she discovers that the swordsman not only married her to obtain her family's wealth, but also still longs for his old life in Kyoto with his ex-wife. After lashing out at him for his ungrateful behavior, the second wife returns to her marriage chambers in humiliation. When he is told to go into the chambers to reconcile with her by a lady-in-waiting, the swordsman refuses, stating his intent to return home and reconcile with his true wife. He tells her that it is his foolish youth in being impoverished that made him marry his second wife. Admitting that he didn't love her, the swordsman tells the lady-in-waiting to inform his 2nd wife that their marriage is over and she can return to her family.
After a few years, the swordsman returns to Kyoto and finds the house in disrepair. He reconciles with his ex-wife, who refuses to let him punish himself. The wife understands he only divorced her so he can better support her, and the she is happy to see him again only for a moment to which the man replies that he will never leave her again. Before going to bed, the swordsman promises her that they won't have to worry about poverty anymore because of his new resources and connections and he will never leave her side again. The two happily exchange wonderful stories about the past and the future until the swordsman fell asleep. He wakes up the following day, finding that he had been sleeping next to the rotted corpse of his wife. Rapidly aging and attacked by black hair, he leaves the house, only to be further attacked by black hair.
=== The Woman of the Snow ===
The Woman of the Snow (雪女, Yukionna) is an adaptation from Hearn's Kwaidan: Stories and Studies of Strange Things (1903). In the Musashi Province, a woodcutter named Minokichi takes refuge in a fisherman's hut during a snowstorm alongside his mentor Mosaku. Minokichi finds Mosaku killed by a Yuki-onna, who spares Minokichi because of his youth. Yuki-onna warns him to never mention what happened or she will kill him. Keeping his word, Minokichi later meets a young woman named Yuki who resembles the ghost he encountered. She reveals that she is on her way to Edo for she lost her family and her relatives had got her a position as a lady-in-waiting. Minokichi takes Yuki to his home to rest up. His mother takes a liking to Yuki and asks her to stay. Yuki never leaves for Edo and Minokichi falls in love with her. The two marry and have children, living happily for ten years. The female villagers are in awe of Yuki's youth for after having three children, she still looks the same. They noted that Minokichi's mother talked highly of Yuki, which is unusual because in their village, most mothers talk ill of their daughters-in-law no matter how good a wife she may be. One night, during a snowstorm, Minokichi tells her that her appearance reminds him of the Yuki-onna he met, telling her of the strange event. It is then that Yuki reveals herself to be the Yuki-onna. She tells him that he broke his word, yet refrains from killing him because of their children. Yuki then leaves Minokichi with the children, warning to treat them well or she will return and kill him. She disappears into the snowstorm, leaving Minokichi heartbroken.
=== Hoichi the Earless ===
Hoichi the Earless (耳無し芳一の話, Miminashi Hōichi no Hanashi) is also adapted from Hearn's Kwaidan (though it incorporates aspects of The Tale of the Heike that are mentioned, but never translated, in Hearn's book). It depicts the folkloric tale of Hoichi the Earless, a blind musician, or biwa hoshi, whose specialty is singing The Tale of the Heike, about the Battle of Dan-no-ura, fought between the Taira and Minamoto clans during the last phase of the Genpei War. He is subsequently called in to sing for a royal family. His friends and priests grows concerned that he may be singing for ghosts as soon as he answered the call. To protect Hoichi, a priest and his acolyte write the text of The Heart Sutra on his body, and instruct him to go outside and sit still as if in meditation. They forget to write on his ears, which are subsequently visible to the ghost which comes to fetch him. The ghost seeks to bring back as much of Hoichi as possible, and rips his ears off.
=== In a Cup of Tea ===
In a Cup of Tea (茶碗の中, Chawan no Naka) is adapted from Hearn's Kottō: Being Japanese Curios, with Sundry Cobwebs (1902). A writer who is anticipating a visit from the publisher writes a story about a samurai who keeps seeing the face of a strange man in a cup of tea.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  atmospheric,  insanity,  psychedelic,  romantic,  historical,  storytelling, 

title: Lego Scooby-Doo!: Haunted Hollywood
synopsis: While trying to solve the mystery of a sea creature haunting a lighthouse, Shaggy complains to Scooby about how Fred, Daphne and Velma always bribe them into being monster bait with Scooby Snacks. As a result, Shaggy and Scooby decide to not eat Scooby Snacks again. After they solve the mystery, the gang goes to the malt shop where Shaggy and Scooby win a hamburger eating contest and win the whole gang a trip to Hollywood.
Once they arrive, they first visit Brickton Studios, an old horror film studio that is about to be closed down. The studio's employee Junior, an avid fan of horror films, welcomes them and offers to give them a tour. Joining them on the tour is Atticus Fink, a developer who wants to buy and level the studio. During the tour, they drive their truck through a dark storage facility, causing Fink to leave. After Fink leaves, a Headless Horseman appears and chases the gang.
After they escape, they go to ask the manager, Chet Brickton, about their encounter. Brickton tells them that all the monsters used to be played by an actor named Boris Karnak, who died years ago and that his ghost may have come back to haunt the studios through various costumes of the monsters he played. In addition to the Headless Horseman, there have also been sightings of a mummy and a zombie, which is why he must sell the studio to Fink to avoid bankruptcy. The gang offers to help Brickton solve the mystery.
First, the gang goes to the set of a romantic comedy film that the studio is currently working on, much to Junior's displeasure. Suddenly the Headless Horseman attacks and ruins the set, making Brickton forlorn. The gang offers to help him finish the movie. Brickton appoints Fred as the director and casts Shaggy in the lead. Brickton then casts TV show talk host Drella Diabolique as the female lead, much to Daphne's dismay. After a long film making process, a mummy attacks and destroys the set.
Later, Fred and Velma go to look for clues, while Drella coaches Daphne on being a movie star. Finding his footage unharmed, Fred decides to continue filming his movie. While shooting a particularly extravagant scene involving a plane, both the Headless Horseman and the zombie appear. After Scooby has a wild ride on the plane and the monsters disappear, Brickton reluctantly signs the studio over to Fink, much to Junior's sadness. Velma mentions that the Headless Horseman and the zombie appeared at the same time, meaning the ghost of Boris Karnak cannot be in two places at once. The gang decides to capture the monsters and solve the mystery.
The gang heads back to the studio and with Drella's help and Fred's elaborate trap, they catch the zombie and the Headless Horseman. The Headless Horseman is revealed to be Fink, who used the costume to get a cheap ownership of the studio. Daphne tells Fink that the evidence of fraud violates the terms of his contract, making it null and void. The zombie is revealed to be Junior, who was also the mummy. Junior tells them that he is actually Boris Karnak Jr., and wanted to carry on his father's legacy. Brickton orders the police to take Fink away and allows Junior to go free, but says that the studio will still have to close down due to lack of a movie. They then realize that the security cameras have recorded the gang being chased by the monsters and decide to make a found footage movie. With the studio saved, the movie ends with the gang at the premiere of Security Cam Monsters: The Adventure Begins.
tags: horror, 

title: La donna del lago
synopsis: Scotland under King James V (reigned 1513–1542) was in a state of unrest. Amongst the rebels were Douglas (Elena's father), Rodrigo (to whom she has been betrothed) and Malcolm (whom she loves). The King is in the habit of going about his lands disguised as Uberto. Seeing Elena he instantly falls in love with her, but she repels his advances stating that he is confusing hospitality and friendship for romantic interest. In the meantime he has realised that she is related to his enemies. The clans gather to overthrow the king, and Rodrigo and Douglas discover Elena's secret love for Malcolm. She tries to keep the peace, but the call to arms diverts the soldiers. The battle does not go well, and Rodrigo is killed. Again the king in disguise encounters Elena and gives her a ring to take to the king if she is ever in trouble. She decides to use it and goes to Stirling Castle where she finds that both Malcolm and Douglas are prisoners. She pleads their cases, and the king magnanimously pardons them and blesses the union, now unimpeded by Rodrigo, between Elena and Malcolm.
tags: horror, 

title: Scooby-Doo
synopsis: The members of Mystery, Inc. solve the case of the Luna Ghost at the Wow-O-Toy Factory. However, long-time friction between Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, and Velma Dinkley finally boils over and the gang break up, leaving Shaggy Rogers and his dog Scooby-Doo heartbroken. Two years on, Shaggy and Scooby are invited to solve a mystery on the popular resort Spooky Island, owned by Emil Mondavarious. At the airport, the five members of Mystery, Inc. unexpectedly reunite. Fred has become a popular celebrity, Velma works for NASA, and Daphne has undertaken martial arts to avoid being kidnapped again. However, while Shaggy and Scooby are thrilled with the reunion, the other three refuse to work with each other.
On the flight over, Shaggy falls in love with a girl named Mary Jane, who loves Scooby Snacks, but is allergic to dogs. Upon arriving at the island, the gang meet Mondavarious, who claims the visiting tourists have been cursed into a brainwashed state. Velma attends a ritualistic performance hosted by N’Goo Tuana and his henchman, Zarkos, a famous luchador. N’Goo claims the island was once ruled by ancient demons til Mondavarious built the resort, and they plot their revenge.
Due to a misunderstanding when talking to a local voodoo priest, Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby venture into the resort’s ghost ride, meeting Fred and Velma inside, where they split up to look for clues. Fred and Velma come across a strange school designed to educate inhuman creatures about human culture, while Daphne discovers a pyramid-shaped artifact called the Daemon Ritus. The gang flee to the hotel, but an army of demons attack, kidnapping Fred, Velma, Mondavarious and other tourists, while Scooby, Shaggy, Daphne, and Mary Jane escape.
The next day, Daphne is captured by Zarkos, while Shaggy and Scooby learn the tourists are possessed by the demons. They run into Mary Jane, but Scooby realises she is possessed too. Shaggy and Scooby argue, but the latter falls down a hole into an underground chamber, where Shaggy finds a vat of protoplasmic soul of everyone captured. Shaggy frees Velma, Fred, and Daphne’s souls. Velma discovers the demons can be destroyed by sunlight, but Fred and Daphne become trapped in the wrong bodies until the Daemon Ritus corrects it. The gang come across the voodoo priest, who explains the demons’ ritual will allow them to rule the world for the next ten-thousand years when a pure soul is offered as a sacrifice, namely Scooby. Mondavarious is revealed to be the leader of the demons.
The gang plot a trap to defeat the demon cult, but it fails, and Mondavarious sucks out Scooby’s soul using the Daemon Ritus. Shaggy tackles Mondavarious, revealing he is a robot, piloted by Scooby’s estranged nephew Scrappy-Doo, abandoned by the gang years ago due to his egotism. Using the absorbed souls of the tourists, Scrappy transforms into a monster and tries to kill the gang.
Daphne battles Zarkos, kicking him into the ritual chamber where the demons are exposed to sunlight and die. Shaggy rips the Daemon Ritus from Scrappy’s body, freeing the souls. The real Mondavarious emerges from a prison cell, claiming Scrappy replaced him two years ago for his plan. Scrappy, N’Goo, and Zarkos are arrested, while the reunited gang are asked to solve another mystery.
tags: psychedelic,  horror,  cult,  romantic, 

title: Blood and Chocolate
synopsis: Vivian (Agnes Bruckner) is a nineteen-year-old werewolf born in Bucharest, Romania to American parents who then moved back to America. When Vivian was nine years old, her parents and two siblings were killed by two hunters who then proceeded to burn down their house. She then moved back to Bucharest to live with her aunt Astrid (Katja Riemann), who was the mate of the pack's leader, Gabriel (Olivier Martinez) at that time. To Astrid's distress, Gabriel left her after seven years in accordance with pack law to choose a new mate. The culmination of another seven years is only a few months away and Gabriel wants the reluctant Vivian as his.
This is not, however, what she wants. She begins a romance with a graphic novelist Aiden (Hugh Dancy) who is researching for his latest book. Though he is human, he knows much about her kind, the Loups-Garoux (werewolves). Their romance is closely watched by her cousin Rafe (Bryan Dick) and his friends Ulf (Chris Geere), Gregor (Tom Harper), Finn (John Kerr), and Willem (Jack Wilson), together known as The Five. Believing that she is telling him all their secrets- as seen by a drawing he did of her and wolves because he knew her as The Wolf Girl- and may grow to be a danger to their pack, Rafe tells Gabriel of them. Gabriel then tells Rafe that Aiden must leave or he must be dealt with.
Rafe lures Aiden to an abandoned church with the ruse that Vivian wanting to reconnect and attempts to scare him away. When this doesn't work, Rafe attacks and underestimates Aiden who defends himself and forces him back into a table where he cuts himself. Aiden, who did not know prior what Vivian and her friends were, sees the golden glow of the Loups-Garoux and realizes what he's been dating. The two fight, with Aiden attacking Rafe with a silver pendant and Rafe turning to a wolf, until Aiden eventually gains the upper hand and sends both over the rail, killing Rafe.
Afterwards, Aiden confronts Vivian about what she is, tempting her with his blood. She does not give in but is hurt that Aiden would think she was such a monster. Not long after, Aiden is captured by the pack to answer for killing Rafe, Gabriel's son. He is made to run through the forest while being chased by the pack. If the pack catches him, he dies. If he makes it to the river and crosses it, he lives. Vivian is scared for him and changes into her wolf form, a white wolf, to save him from the rest of the pack. Aiden makes it to the river by confusing the pack, using his blood to spread his scent and make it harder for the pack to track him. Gabriel, however, is angry that Aiden made it to the river and attempts to follow him anyway, to kill him. Vivian helps to protect Aiden by throwing Gabriel off. Aiden, not realizing that the white wolf is Vivian, strikes her with a silver knife causing her to slowly die unless she gets an antidote.
After hiding from the pack, Aiden and Vivian find the pharmacist who has the antidote for the silver poisoning and steals it from him, but not before he calls the rest of the pack. After being chased, Vivian tells Aiden to save himself and is captured by the pack. She is held in a cage and taunted by the rest of the five while Gabriel attempts to curve her to his way of thinking. Aiden comes to Vivian's rescue and in the end Vivian has to kill Gabriel.
Aiden and Vivian go towards the age of hope. Driving past other Loups-Garous, the wolves are shown to bare their necks in respect to Vivian and Aiden, showing Vivian to possibly be the new leader of the pack.
tags: revenge,  horror,  murder,  romantic,  flashback, 

title: When Good Ghouls Go Bad
synopsis: Danny Walker (Joe Pichler), and his father James (Tom Amandes), who has gotten a divorce from his wife, have just moved to the town from Chicago so his father can fulfill his dream of re-opening the family chocolate factory. Danny and James are staying with James' father, known by all as Uncle Fred (Christopher Lloyd). Uncle Fred is considered crazy and is a bit childish, but Danny loves him very much. Danny dislikes his new life in Walker Falls, and it seems no one likes him, especially the football coach Mike Kankel (Joe Clements) and his son Ryan (Craig Marriott), the school's biggest bully. The only person who seems to be nice to Danny is Taylor Morgan (Imelda Corcoran), the school nurse and James' childhood friend.
Danny is surprised by how few decorations are up with Halloween only a week away. The people of Walker Falls do not seem to be making any effort at all to celebrate the holiday. Sheriff Ed Frady (Alan Flower) even takes down the decorations that Danny puts up. When walking home from school, Ryan and his pal, Leo (Daniel Karr) push him into the cemetery, lock the gate, and tell him that Walker Falls does not celebrate Halloween because of the legend of a curse. Years ago, Curtis Danko (Brendan McCarthy) was an artistic boy, who was ostracized by normal people. When competition was held for all the eighth graders to design a sculpture of their personal hero, Curtis kept his project covered during the day, then came to school at night to work by the light of captured fireflies. On Halloween night, he went to work on his sculpture, and Mike Kankel and his friends were walking by when they saw Curtis from the window. When Kankel returned the next day, he noticed the kiln had been on all night. He opened the door and found Curtis's charred skeleton and a message in the ashes, saying that if the town ever celebrated another Halloween, he would come back and destroy them. Kankel was blind for three days after seeing Curtis' finished statue. He said it was like being face to face with the devil himself. Everyone in the town believed the legend and, since then, Halloween has never been celebrated.
Danny thinks it is a silly story, and runs home. James is rarely around, so Uncle Fred has served as a stand-in father for Danny. That night, James is planning to announce his Halloween Spooktacular idea to raise funds to re-open Walker Chocolates at the town meeting. Uncle Fred and Danny try to tell him that the townspeople will be too afraid to support the spooktacular because of the curse, but James doesn't listen.
At the meeting, Mayor Churney (Roy Billing) announces his campaign for re-election. Running against him is Kankel. After the announcements, it is James' turn. He is surprised to find the people of Walker Falls shudder at just the mention of Halloween. To bring the conversation back on track, his secretary passes out samples of chocolate, but the audience isn't very enthusiastic. The meeting ends after all but a few leave the town hall. Danny's father is very upset when he learns about the legend, which has completely ruined his plans. He decides to cancel the spooktacular and get funds elsewhere.
Uncle Fred then reveals why no one likes Danny. Uncle Fred was responsible for building the kiln that killed Curtis. That night, Danny dreams he is at Curtis's crypt and sees the cloth being ripped off the statue. That morning, there is a commotion outside the house. A large pile of pumpkins has been discovered in the town center. It finally looks like Walker Falls might celebrate another Halloween. But when Uncle Fred lifts a pumpkin as he says: Happy Halloween, the entire pile rolls on top of him, killing him. Everyone in town is at Uncle Fred's funeral and Danny is very sad. As a memento, he lets his grandfather's favorite car shoot down the track and rest with his coffin.
However, because of Uncle Fred's love of Halloween, the magic in the cemetery allows him to return as a zombie. Unfortunately, that same magic awoke others from their slumber, including Curtis. The zombies begin capturing all the townsfolk and gathering them to the creepy old Victorian style house chanting the phrase Statue. Meanwhile, Danny and his crush, Dayna Stenson (Brittany Byrnes) try to explain to James and Nurse Taylor the situation. Uncle Fred reveals his zombie self to his son and Nurse Taylor, both fainting in the process. Zombies break into the house and Uncle Fred explains that Curtis might be behind the zombies awakening and tells them to escape while he holds the other zombies off. Unfortunately, he, his son, and Nurse Taylor are all captured, one of the zombies stating that Uncle Fred was the main part of the plan.
When everyone is gathered, Curtis reveals himself to the people. As he is about to reveal his statue, he is attacked and literally torn apart by Kankel. However, because Curtis is a zombie, he manages himself to pull himself together, and scare the wits out of Kankel. As Curtis pulls off the shroud off his statue, everyone covers their eyes in fear. Surprisingly, nothing happens. Everyone uncovers their eyes and Curtis' statue is revealed to be of Uncle Fred. Curtis then shows Uncle Fred a picture of the two of them, Uncle Fred shaking Curtis' hand, as it implied that Curtis looked up to him. Uncle Fred, still guilty about Curtis' death, wonders why he was a hero to Curtis as it was his kiln that killed him. Curtis then turns to Kankel and points to him, naming him as his killer.
Kankel confesses that the night Curtis died, he was working on the statue of Uncle Fred and as a prank to scare him, Kankel, Frady, and his group pushed Curtis into the kiln and locked him in it then taunting him. Suddenly, the janitor appeared and Kankel's group ran off. While cleaning the class, the janitor accidentally turned on the kiln not realizing Curtis was in it. The next day, Kankel went inside the kiln and saw Curtis' corpse as well as the completed statue of Uncle Fred. To hide his crime, he made up the curse as pretending his eyes were burned when he saw the statue to make it seem like it was Curtis' doing. Kankel also reveals that the statue of Uncle Fred would have been voted to be put in town square, instead of Kankel's statue of his father. It's revealed that Uncle Fred donated much time and money to the town's children, promoting creativity and imagination; thus, he was loved by many children; explaining why he was called Uncle Fred and why much of his actions were seen as childish to some. Kankel wouldn't stand for someone to promote things that were girly and wanted things manly. However, Kankel's action earns him the wrath of his father Pops Kankel (Gordon Boyd), who is among the group of zombies and is upset at what he has done. He then grabs his son's ear and drags him out to punish him.
By the end, the zombies and the townspeople applaud Curtis' statue. With that, Curtis has accomplished what he's done and bids farewell to the town, disappearing into the night, returning to his crypt to finally rest. Meanwhile, the other zombies bid farewell. Uncle Fred reconciles with his son, James, saying this will be the last time he will see him on Earth, but he'll always be watching him on the other side. He then leaves with his wife (Jenny Dibley) and the two join the other zombies, sharing one final dance with the fireflies, as all the entities slowly disappear dancing into the night. Danny and Dayna share a kiss, while James and Taylor hold hands as they watch the dancing zombies fade into the night.
By the end, German investors that spoke to James earlier loved the concept of Halloween and decide to support him into reopening the family chocolate factory within two weeks. On Halloween day, children are seen dressing up in costumes and going trick-or-treating as a girl from one of the Halloween groups goes to Uncle Fred's statue in town square, where they're passing by, and says: Happy Halloween. Then, after the girl leaves, Uncle Fred's voice is heard one last time replying back: Happy Halloween.
tags: horror, 

title: Girl Vs. Monster
synopsis: The movie begins on the day before Halloween with Skylar, a fearless 15-year-old teenager with a powerful singing voice, prepares for the ultimate Halloween bash with her best friends, Henry and Sadie. The plan is for Skylar to sing at the party, with rock band member Ryan Dean. Skylar is crushed when the next afternoon, her parents make her stay home and even activate an alarm system to keep her in. She attempts to sneak out of the house by cutting the power so the alarm system won't work. That unfortunately unleashes a monster named Deimata (that was contained in her parents' monster containment unit) who is determined to feed the fear on Skylar and her family forever. As Skylar’s world is turned upside down, she learns that her parents have been keeping a big secret – that she comes from a long line of monster hunters. She is the 5th generation. Now, it’s up to Skylar and her friends to channel their inner strength and conquer more than just this monster. Every person has their own personal monster, which feeds on their fear.
Now that Deimata is loose, Skylar experiences all the fear she never had before and tries to deny what is happening. She, Sadie and Henry go, armed with Skylar's parents' monster-hunting tools, to the party at the McQuarry Mansion. But Henry becomes frozen in fear, after being scared by his monster. Cobb, her parents' assistant, comes and takes him back home to fix him. Meanwhile, Deimata lures Skylar's parents into a trap by pretending that Skylar is in trouble. After this, Myra, Skylar's rival, who is at home with a broken neck, is eating ice cream. Soon, the red smoke comes out and it transforms into Deimata. She then controls Myra and goes to the party where she publicly insults Skylar of being nervous to sing at Ryan's party and Sadie comforts Skylar after she runs out, embarrassed. A possessed Myra sings in Skylar's place and turns to Theodosia and Bob (Sadie and Henry's monsters). Myra falls downstairs after Deimata leaves Myra's body as Skylar and Sadie find her. Myra informs them about Deimata and how she can possess people- like she did with her. Skylar thanks her, and she and Sadie rush to save the people upstairs.
During a confrontation with his personal monster, a fixed and armed Henry learns that letting go of his fears will cause the monsters to disintegrate into nothing. He goes to the mansion to inform Skylar of this. So, she grabs the microphone and tells Ryan to grab his guitar and meet her outside. But, Deimata possesses Ryan to better discourage Skylar from facing her fears, but he manages to break free by facing his greatest fear: asking Skylar out. Skylar faces her fears and sings in front of everybody, while Ryan and his band performs as well. While Skylar sings, all the monsters vanish and Sadie also gathers the courage to stand up to Theodosia by spelling things she couldn't when she was a little girl. When all the monsters are all vanquished, Deimata comes and reveals she cannot be destroyed that way. She then reminds Skylar that she still has Skylar's parents in captivity, and Skylar rushes off to find them, with Sadie and Henry following behind with everybody especially Ryan and Myra watches them from a distance.
Skylar and her friends try to fight off Deimata, but she doesn't seem able to be stopped. Although Skylar has overcome her fear, she soon realizes Deimata is still feeding off of her parents' fears—about Skylar's safety. Once Skylar gets her parents to trust her, Deimata is weakened and the three friends defeat her and capture her. At the end of the movie, Henry and Sadie are shown having no fear by doing what they are scared about doing the most. Later that day, Skylar and Ryan sing at Ryan's party in his basement. Myra becomes friends with Skylar. However, in a post-credits scene, Deimata blows on the glass in the hunting unit, cracking it and we hear it break as Deimata's laugh is heard one last time, hinting at a sequel.
tags: horror, 

title: Copycat
synopsis: After giving a guest lecture on criminal psychology at a local university, Dr Helen Hudson (Weaver), a respected field expert on serial killers, is cornered in a lavatory by one of her previous subjects, Daryll Lee Cullum (Harry Connick, Jr.), who kills a police officer and brutally attacks her. Helen becomes severely agoraphobic as a result, sealing herself inside an expensive hi-tech apartment, conducting her entire life from behind a computer screen and assisted by a friend, Andy (John Rothman).
When a new series of murders spreads fear and panic across her home city of San Francisco, Inspector M.J. Monahan (Hunter) and her partner Reuben Goetz (Dermot Mulroney) solicit Helen's expertise. Initially reluctant, Helen soon finds herself drawn into the warped perpetrator's game of wits. As the murders continue, Helen realizes that the elusive assailant draws inspiration from notorious serial killers, including Albert DeSalvo, The Hillside Strangler, David Berkowitz, Jeffrey Dahmer, and Ted Bundy. When the murderer begins contacting and even stalking Helen, she and M.J. realize that he is after them, and they enlist the aid of Cullum, who tells them what he knows about the killer.
Helen soon realizes that the Copycat Killer has been following the list of serial killers in the same order as she had presented them in her lecture at the university on the night of her attack, and the two work to figure out where and when he will strike next. Unfortunately, Reuben is later killed in an unrelated shooting incident at the police station, leaving only M.J. now heartbroken that she never got to tell Reuben she loved him to continue the search for the serial killer.
After Andy is killed in a manner reminiscent of Jeffrey Dahmer, M.J. deduces the killer to be Peter Foley (William McNamara). After leading a failed attempt to catch Foley at his house, M.J. discovers that he has kidnapped Helen and taken her back to the scene of Daryll Lee's attempt at killing her—the restroom of the lecture hall. Once she gets there, M.J. finds Helen bound and gagged in the same manner that Cullum did before, but she is ambushed and shot by Foley, rendering her unconscious. As Foley prepares to kill M.J., Helen desperately attempts to save her by ruining Foley's carefully replicated crime scene the only way she can—by attempting to hang herself. Foley panics and cuts Helen down, and Helen is able to get away and escape to the building's roof. Her agoraphobia kicks in again, and Helen finds herself cornered. Accepting her fate, she turns to face Foley. However, just as he is about to kill her, M.J. shoots him in the brachial nerve, giving him one last chance to surrender. When he pulls his gun back on her, however, she shoots him dead.
Some time later, Daryll Lee writes a letter to another serial killer, instructing him on how to kill Helen, and revealing that he had been aiding Foley all along. Daryll wishes good luck at his new proxy in the mission of killing Helen.
tags: mystery,  neo noir,  murder,  violence,  horror,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful, 

title: Vikaren
synopsis: Jonathan Shale (Berenger) is a mercenary and a Vietnam veteran who returns home to Miami after a botched covert operation in Cuba in which three men from his platoon were killed. He surprises his girlfriend, Jane Hetzko (Diane Venora) at her apartment and is warmly welcomed. On the outside, Jane is a schoolteacher at inner-city Columbus High School, an institution with a considerable gang problem. She is particularly disliked by Juan Lacas (Anthony), leader of the KOD (Kings of Destruction) gang. While jogging one morning, Jane is attacked and has her leg broken. Jane and Shale believe this to be related to the KOD, which prompts the latter to go undercover as an Ivy League-educated, government-affiliated substitute teacher for his girlfriend's class.
Shale arrives at Columbus High School and is, at first, taken back by the lowly conditions. He is unable to control his class of poorly-educated students on the first day, but decides to use his street-smarts and military tactics to gain the upper hand. Soon enough, he is able to take command of the students by displaying his combat self-defence techniques when students attack him. He is warned not to use such methods by Principal Claude Rolle (Hudson), but gains the respect of his students when he bonds with them over the similarities between his early gang and Vietnam War experiences and their involvement in petty crime and street gangs. During this time, he befriends fellow schoolteacher Darrell Sherman (Plummer) and also crosses paths with Lacas, one of his students.
Suspicious of odd conditions within the high school, Shale sets up surveillance cameras throughout the building. He discovers that Lacas orchestrated the attack on Jane. He also discovers that Lacas is secretly working with Rolle to distribute cocaine around Miami for a major narcotics ring. Shale and his team raid a drug deal, using the stolen money to buy music and sports equipment in the form of a school donation. While Sherman initially denies Shale's discovery, Sherman and a female student inadvertently witness the drugs being loaded into one of the school buses later that day. Sherman tells the student to warn Shale and Hetzko, and sacrifices himself by creating a distraction.
Rolle, who at this point is aware of Shale's interference orders a car accident for Shale, and sends Lacas after Hetzko. With the help of another student, Lacas is killed and Shale saves Hetzko, learning the full story from the female witness. Shale and his team garrison the school grounds to enter combat against the remaining K.O.D. members, a rival mercenary company led by Janus, and Rolle himself. Ultimately, Shale and Joey Six end up as the sole survivors of the battle, walking away from the school grounds discussing future operations as substitute teachers.
tags: cult,  horror, 

title: The People Under the Stairs
synopsis: Poindexter Fool Williams is a resident of a Los Angeles ghetto. He and his family are being evicted from their apartment by their landlords, the Robesons. The Robesons, who are believed to be a married couple, call themselves Mommy and Daddy. They have a daughter named Alice.
Leroy, his associate Spencer, and Fool break into the Robeson's household by using Spencer to pose as a municipal worker. The Robesons leave the home shortly but Spencer doesn't return. Fool and Leroy break into the house to look for Spencer, and they find his dead body and a large group of strange, pale children in a locked pen in a dungeon-like basement.
The Robesons return and Fool flees while Leroy is shot to death by Daddy. Fool runs into another section of the house, where he meets Alice. She tells him that the people under the stairs were children who broke the see/hear/speak no evil rules of the Robeson household. The children have degenerated into cannibalism to survive and Alice has avoided this fate by obeying the rules without question. A boy named Roach whose tongue was removed also evades the Robesons by hiding in the walls.
Fool is discovered by Daddy and is thrown to the cannibalistic children to die. However, Roach helps Fool escape, but is critically wounded. As he dies, he gives Fool a small bag of gold coins and a written plea to save Alice. Fool reunites with Alice and the two escape into the passageways between the walls. Daddy releases his dog Prince into the walls to kill them. Fool tricks Daddy into stabbing Prince and he and Alice reach the attic where they find an open window above a pond. Unfortunately, Alice is too afraid to jump and Fool is forced to go without her. He promises to return for Alice.
Fool finds out the gold he has is enough to pay his rent and for his mother's surgery. He also finds out that Mommy and Daddy are a brother and sister coming from a long line of crazy inbred family members. They started out as a family that ran a funeral home selling cheap coffins for expensive prices, then they got into real estate. After they made a lot of money, the family got greedy, and the greedier they got the crazier they got. Fool vows to help right the wrong. He reports the Robesons to child welfare and as the police are investigating the house, Fool sneaks back in and reveals to Alice that she is not their daughter; she was stolen from her birth parents, as were all the other children in the basement.
Mommy finds out that Alice knows the truth and believes that Fool has turned her against them, so she attempts to kill Alice. However, the cannibal children charge at Mommy. Daddy finds Fool at the vault, where Fool sets off explosives, which demolishes the house and causes the money to blow up through the crematorium chimney and into the crowd of people outside. Daddy is killed in the explosion and Alice and Fool reunite in the basement. Meanwhile, the people outside claim the money distributed by the blast, and the freed children venture into the night.
tags: comedy,  grindhouse film,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  satire,  sadist, 

title: The Innkeepers
synopsis: Claire (Sara Paxton) and Luke (Pat Healy) are two young employees at the Yankee Pedlar Inn, a once-grand hotel that is about to close. Claire and Luke are the only employees working during its final weekend of operation. Claire, who suffers from severe asthma, has recently dropped out of college, and Luke runs a website chronicling the hotel's supposed hauntings. Both are ghost hunting enthusiasts and are fascinated by the hotel's supposedly haunted history, which includes the legend of Madeline O'Malley, a bride who hanged herself in the 1800s when her fiancé 'jilted her at the altar' and whose body was supposedly hidden in the basement by the hotel owners.
That afternoon, Luke checks in an older woman, whom Claire recognizes as Leanne Rease-Jones (Kelly McGillis), a former actress who is in town for an unnamed convention. While delivering towels to her room, Claire is starstruck and has an awkward encounter with Leanne, who is initially relatively cold toward her. The following night, while taking out the garbage, Claire notices Leanne watching from her hotel window. Claire waves to her, but Leanne ignores her and moves away from the window without acknowledging her. Claire hears noises coming from the hotel's garage, where there is a door leading to the basement. She padlocks the door and returns inside. She uses Luke's ghost-hunting equipment to record EVPs in various places around the hotel. While recording, she hears faint voices and music, and sees the grand piano in the lobby play by itself.
She runs into Leanne in the hallway. Leanne reveals she is actually in town for a psychics' convention and that she has left her career as an actress to become a medium. She warns Claire not to go into the basement. Early that morning, Claire awakens to Madeline's apparition in her room. Later that day, an elderly man arrives and asks for a room on the third floor. Luke explains that the third floor rooms have been stripped of their furniture due to the hotel's impending closing. However, Claire offers to provide the man with a set of sheets as the rooms still have their beds, and she takes him to the honeymoon suite he requested.
Luke and Claire decide to investigate the basement where Madeline's corpse was hidden. There they encounter disembodied voices and other paranormal activity and Luke becomes so frightened that he leaves the hotel. In a state of panic, Claire awakens Leanne and asks for help. Leanne goes to the bottom of the basement stairwell, where she makes contact with a spirit and then tells Claire that they need to leave the hotel immediately. Claire rushes upstairs to retrieve the elderly man, but upon entering his room, she finds a suicide note and discovers his body in the bathtub, his wrists slashed, with Madeline's apparition hanging from a rope. Panicked, she runs downstairs and finds that Luke has returned to the hotel. He goes upstairs to find Leanne and Claire hears more noises coming from the basement. She approaches the stairwell, where she is startled by an apparition of the elderly man. She falls down the staircase, injuring her head.
Disoriented by her head injury, Claire is followed by the elderly man into the basement and finds herself in the room where Madeline's body was kept. She tries to open the door that leads to the garage, forgetting she had locked it. Confronted by Madeline's apparition, Claire dies of an asthma attack. The next morning, Luke tells police he heard Claire's screams coming from the cellar but could not open the door to save her. Luke and Leanne leave with the police. Leanne tells Luke that Claire couldn't have been saved.
The film ends with a view of Claire's empty room where a barely-visible apparition of Claire appears, looking out the window. As she turns towards the viewer, the door slams shut by itself.
tags: paranormal,  comedy,  horror,  atmospheric,  suspenseful, 

title: The Eye
synopsis: Sydney Wells is a successful classical violinist from Los Angeles who has been blind since she was five years old, caused by an accident with firecrackers. Fifteen years later, after celebrating conductor and pianist Simon McCullough's birthday during rehearsal, Sydney undergoes a cornea transplant, which causes her eyesight to return, a bit blurry at first. As time goes on, Sydney's vision begins to clear; however, she also begins experiencing terrifying visions, mostly of fire and of people dying. She also sees people that are already dead, on one occasion when a girl passes right through her. Sydney attempts to unravel the mystery of the visions, and also to convince others, primarily her visual therapist and fellow violinist, Paul Faulkner, who helps her in her quest. She knows that she is not going insane.
Accompanied by Paul, Sydney travels to Mexico, where the cornea donor Ana Cristina Martinez was originally from. She discovers from Ana's mother that the images of fire and death are the result of an industrial accident that Ana foretold. Ana hanged herself because she was unable to stop the accident. Sydney forgives Ana's spirit, who leaves in peace. As Sydney and Paul begin their journey home, they are caught in a traffic congestion caused by a police chase on the other side of the border. Sydney sees the little girl from her vision in the car next to her. She then realizes that this is what her vision has been all along, to save the people that are about to die from an accident.
Still able to see the death silhouettes, Sydney begins to get everyone off the highway, starting with a bus filled with people. She and Paul convince everyone to leave the bus and the cars by telling them that there is a bomb inside the bus. However, a driver leading the police chase rushes through the border barriers and collides into a tank truck, igniting leaking gasoline in the process. Sydney sees the little girl trapped in the car, her mother laying on the ground in front of it, already being hit by a passenger and losing consciousness. Paul breaks open the window and gets the girl out. Paul and Sydney carry the girl and her mother to safety just before the tank truck causes a chain explosion. Sydney is blinded by flying glass fragments in the process.
After recovering at a hospital, she returns to Los Angeles to continue performing as a blind violinist, though with a more optimistic view of her condition.
tags: horror, 

title: Garfield in Disguise
synopsis: Garfield is awakened early in the morning by the obnoxious Binky the Clown Show and learns that it is Halloween, thrilled at the prospect of obtaining a mass of candy via trick-or-treating. He hatches the idea of deceiving Odie into thinking dogs are required to trick-or-treat with cats and give almost all of their candy to them, save one piece of candy for the dog. Odie is tempted by the minimal reward, and the two head for the attic to find costumes in an old trunk. After considering a number of options, Garfield decides on pirate costumes.
Jon Arbuckle gives them sacks and tells them to have a good time and not to be out too late. They head out trick-or-treating amongst children in the neighborhood. When Odie expresses fear, Garfield assures him the scary characters they see are only children in costumes, only to lift some of the costumes and discover the characters are actually supernatural. At the end of the evening, they arrive on a dock and Garfield decides to cross the river on a row boat to visit more houses. When Garfield tells Odie to put out the oars, Odie misunderstands the command and throws the oars overboard, leaving the boat adrift as the current takes it down the river.
Soon the boat arrives at an abandoned dock near a run-down mansion. They venture inside the home, thinking it is deserted, but are startled to find an old man sitting in an armchair. The man relates a story that exactly 100 years ago, pirates, pursued by government troops, buried their treasure in the floor of the mansion and signed a blood oath to return for the treasure at midnight 100 years later, even if it meant rising from the grave. The old man says he was the pirates' 10-year-old cabin boy. Garfield and Odie start to leave and Garfield asks the man if he wants to come too, but the old man has disappeared. The man steals their boat and leaves the two pets behind.
The longcase clock chimes midnight and Garfield and Odie watch as a ghostly ship materializes on the river and pirate ghosts emerge from the water. Garfield and Odie hide in an empty cupboard as the ghosts reclaim their buried treasure from the floorboards of the house. As the cat and dog stay where they are, Odie sneezes and it alerts the ghosts to their whereabouts. Making a run for it, Garfield and Odie jump into the river to escape, where Odie has to save Garfield as he cannot swim. Garfield and Odie wash ashore and find their boat with the candy still inside and untouched. They go home happy and Garfield rewards Odie's rescue by reluctantly giving him his rightful share of the candy.
tags: horror, 

title: Mickey's House of Villains
synopsis: It is Halloween night at the House of Mouse, and a lot of villains are showing up. Jafar has a trick in store for the usual heroes of the House, but the villains have to wait until midnight for him to unleash it. After a series of cartoons, Jafar, along with his new henchmen Captain James Hook, Cruella de Vil, Ursula the Sea Witch and Hades, takes over the house with a musical number It's Our House Now! All the other villains soon join Jafar's plan. The heroes, princesses and other Disney characters are trapped in the kitchen while Mickey and several others are thrown out into the street. They witness the House's name being changed to the House of Villains.
Mickey, Donald, Goofy and Minnie try to take their House back, but Chernabog stops them from entering the building. After another two cartoons, Mickey dresses in his sorcerer outfit from Fantasia (and Fantasia 2000) and challenges Jafar to a magical duel using fireballs. Just when Mickey's sorcerer hat is knocked off, Aladdin escapes from the kitchen, flying on the magic carpet and gives Daisy Duck the magical lamp. Daisy hands it to Mickey who uses the lamp to suck Jafar into it. The rest of the villains run away and the House of Mouse is once again restored.
tags: good versus evil,  psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Open Graves
synopsis: In the medieval era, a witch named Mamba is tortured and skinned alive in punishment for her crimes. Her skin and organs are then used to make a cursed game. A player who wins the game is granted a wish; however, a player losing the game is killed in a fashion predicted by the game.
In the present day, Jason (Mike Vogel), while shopping with his friend Tomas (Iman Nazemzadeh) and Tomas' girlfriend Lisa (Lindsay Caroline Robba), acquires the board game from a handicapped shop owner called Malek (Alex O'Dogherty). The three friends travel back to Tomas' beachfront house, and at night a party occurs on the beach. Jason meets Erica (Eliza Dushku), before it begins to rain, causing most of the party-goers to leave; leaving behind only Jason, Erica, Tomas, Lisa, Elena (Naike Rivelli), Miguel (Ander Pardo) and Pablo (Boris Martinez). Erica suggests that the group should play the game, to which they all agree.
However, Pablo is soon eliminated and takes Tomas' car to go to the shop and get beer. On his travel, Pablo stops to urinate, but falls over the edge of a cliff. He survives the fall, but is barely alive. A group of crabs then attacks him, gouging out his eyes and killing him. Meanwhile, Miguel, Lisa, Elena and Tomas also lose the game, before Detective Izar (Gary Piquer) arrives and informs the group of Pablo's death, cutting the game short.
The group attend Pablo's funeral, where Erica realizes his death mirrors the games prediction. Soon after, Tomas, Lisa and Miguel travel to a wood-cutting factory (that belongs to Miguel's family but is currently empty) to have a photo shoot. While Lisa models, she feels unwell; she stops the photo shoot and leaves with Tomas. After their departure, Miguel is attacked by snakes. He attempts to climb a stack of logs, but a snake bites him and he falls into a large group of snakes that kill him with their venomous bites.
Meanwhile, Jason and Erica start up a romance. While they are in Jason's car they witness ghostly versions of Pablo and Miguel, before receiving a call from Tomas telling them of Miguel's death. Jason and Erica meet Tomas, Lisa and Elena at Tomas' apartment, where they tell the others they suspect the group are dying because of the game. Tomas, Lisa and Elena remain skeptical, however. After Jason, Erica and Elena have left, Lisa becomes more ill. Tomas tends to her, before the pair go to bed. The following morning, Lisa has aged into an old woman and is rushed to hospital.
Jason, Erica and Elena arrive at the hospital and tell Detective Izar their theory about the game. They then go in to see Lisa. Elena becomes distraught at her appearance and about her friends' deaths, and leaves despite Tomas' attempts to get her to stay. Lisa soon dies, prompting Jason, Erica and Tomas to seek answers from Malek.
They find Malek at his home, but he is no longer handicapped. He explains to them that he won the game and wished to no longer be handicapped. Meanwhile, Elena is traveling home to Milan in her car when she is involved in a car accident. Her car leaks gas, and a broken electrical wire ignites it, burning her to death. Jason, Erica and Tomas go to Jason's house, where they find Detective Izar looking for the game. Jason and Erica escape with it, but Tomas is caught by the Detective, who puts him in the trunk of his car. Later, Jason receives a call from the Detective demanding the game in return for Tomas, but Tomas attempts to escape and the Detective shoots him dead.
At Tomas' beachfront house, Jason and Erica decide to play the game in the hope that they can win and wish for it to be a week in the past, so that their friends will be alive. Erica is eliminated, and realizes her death will involve the sea. Jason wins the game, and will get his wish as long as he passes the game onto another person. Jason and Erica go to bed, but Erica discovers she must die for Jason to get his wish, so she enters the sea. Jason wakes up and rushes out to save her, but Detective Izar shows up, takes the game away and leaves with it. Erica then emerges from the sea and reveals herself to be Mamba, granting Jason his wish that they have never played the game. However, Jason and his friends now become trapped, forced to relive the week again and again.
tags: revenge,  horror,  violence, 

title: La Leyenda de la Llorona
synopsis: The movie is adapted from the old Hispanic tale La Llorona (The Crying Woman). It starts with Beto and his little sister Kika trick-or-treating in the village. The streets were deserted, dark and foggy. Kika was very loudly asking for candies, which made Beto very nervous. While waiting for Kika to come back from a house that was far down the street, Beto spotted an eerie figure going in her direction. In order to save his sister, he called out the ghost's name, La Llorona; she heard and went after him. Kika finds Beto missing, looks for him, and finds him just in time to see him taken by La Llorona.
Some time later, a balloon with ship basket carrying five companions is flying over Xochimilco. The companions are Leo San Juan, a young boy, Don Andres, an old knight (similar to Don Quijote), Alebrije, a fire-breathing colorful dragon-like creature and Moribunda and Finado, two skeleton-like kids resembling calavera (sugar skulls). They're heading toward the village, Xochimilco, in response to Padre Tello's letter which asked for their help. They summoned a ghost friend Teodora, who helped them in previous adventure (La Leyenda de La Nahuala), but she disappeared right before the storm after teasing Leo. During the storm Moribunda fell out of the basket, and Leo saved her, but fell from the balloon into Kika's boat (she'd been sailing down a river at the time, possibly looking for Beto). Kika accidentally knocked Leo into the water, then discovered his letter from Padre Tello, and then accidentally hit him with her paddle, knocking him out (she pulls him out of the water offscreen). Kika sees the damaged balloon he'd fallen from heading toward La Isla de las Munecas (Puppets' Island).
San Juan wakes up at Kika's house under her mom's care. Kika's mother told him a story of La Llorona, whose name was actually Yoltzin instead of María. Yoltzin moved to Xochimilco with her two kids: Ollin and Tonatiuh. She sold flowers to provide for her family, and became well-liked in the village. Everything changed one day when they were coming back home to find their house on fire. Yoltzin jumped off the boat, desperate to save the house, but forgot her kids on the boat, which drifted away with them still on board. When she realized that it was too late and they disappeared without a trace. Villagers helped her searching for the kids. Days later, though, Ollin and Tonatiuh were found dead near a channel. Yoltzin didn't accept her children's death. She was driven crazy with grief and remorse. After her death, the villagers started to hear ghostly moans. Yoltzin had become La Llorona, a specter who came out at night to kidnap children, though with no intent to harm them; rather, she seemed to want to take care of them, maybe to make up for failing to take care of her own children. Padre Tello followed La Llorona for years, trying to find out how to appease La Llorona, until he disappeared. San Juan left Kika's house to find his friends, and figure out the mystery of where Beto and the other kidnapped kids were with help of Padre Tello's journal. Kika followed him, telling Leo that he needs her. La Llorona attacks Leo and Kika, injuring Leo, but Kika helps him and listens to his plans to find the old church where Ollin and Tonatiuh's graves are. Padre Tello's book says that Yoltzin has to see the graves to be at peace. Once again, Leo and Kika were chased by La Llorona, but this time Kika is kidnapped and Leo loses her trail.
Meanwhile, at the island of the puppets, Andres was tangled in vines. After lot of screamming he was rescued from the puppets by Alebrije, who was all covered in green slime after falling in the lake. Andres and Alebrije freed an old man from a cursed hand puppet named Pecas, who was animated by the tears of La Llorona, and had been forcing the old man to make puppets for him. The old man thanked them and told them where to find La Llorona.
Leo San Juan asked Teodora to help him seek La Llorona and distract her while he looked for the old church where Yoltzin's kids were buried. Leo went into a sunken church, and inside he found Kika and other kids sleeping. He saw that La Llorona was taking care of them and that they were unharmed. He ran deep down in the church until he found the church's crypt and searched for Ollin and Tonatiuh's graves. He finds a broken part of the kids' graves when he's looking for his dropped necklace (with a picture of his mother inside) and puts it back into the grave, fixing it. Kika angers the La Llorona, telling her to let the other kids go, and she almost has her soul taken by La Llorona but Leo saves her. La Llorona grabs Leo and starts taking his soul, causing him to pass out, then captures his friends by animating vines that had overtaken the sunken church. When she is about to hurt them, Leo called out to her and showed her kid's name in the grave. When La Llorona saw their names, she became reunited with her kids and thanked Leo for his help. Leo saw his mom one last time while he was unconscious. Other kidnapped kids woke up including Beto. Back in the village Leo and his friends said farewell to the villagers, then get ready to go back to their hometown when Padre Godofredo appears and urges them to help another town in distress. He explains that Xochitl a friend of theirs, was taken captive by mummies in Guanajuato. They then sail off to Guanajuato in order to save her.
tags: horror, 

title: Fail-Safe
synopsis: The time is the early-to-mid-1960s, the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers of the Strategic Air Command (SAC) are scrambled to their fail safe points near Russia. The bombers have orders not to proceed past their fail safe points without receiving a special attack code. The original threat is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. However, due to a technical failure, the attack code is transmitted to Group Six, which consists of six Vindicator supersonic bombers and four escort fighters. Colonel Grady, the commanding pilot of Group Six, tries to contact SAC headquarters in Omaha to verify the fail-safe order (called Positive Check), but due to Soviet radio jamming, Grady cannot hear Omaha. Concluding that the attack order and the radio jamming could only mean nuclear war, Grady commands Group Six towards Moscow, their intended destination.
At meetings in Omaha, the Pentagon, and in the fallout shelter of the White House, American politicians and scholars debate the implications of the attack. Professor Groteschele suggests the United States follow this accidental attack with a full-scale attack to force the Soviets to surrender.
The President orders the Air Force to send the four escort fighters after the bombers to shoot down the Vindicators. The attempt is to show that the Vindicator attack is an accident, not a full-scale nuclear assault. After using their afterburners in an attempt to catch the bombers the fighters run out of fuel and crash, dooming the pilots to die of exposure in the Arctic Sea. The fighters fail to destroy any bombers.
The President of the United States contacts the Soviet Premier and offers assistance in attacking the group. The Soviets decline at first; then they decide to accept help.
Meanwhile, the Soviet PVO Strany air defense corps has managed to shoot down two of the six planes. After accepting American help they shoot down two more planes. Two bombers remain on course to Moscow. One is a decoy and carries no bombs. The other carries two 20 megaton devices. General Bogan tells Marshal Nevsky, the Soviet commander, to ignore the decoy plane because it is harmless. Nevsky, who mistrusts Bogan, instead orders his Soviet aircraft to pursue the decoy aircraft. The Russian fighters are then out of position to intercept the final American bomber. The decoy's feint guarantees that the remaining bomber can successfully attack. Following the failure, Nevsky collapses.
As the bomber approaches Moscow, Colonel Grady opens up the radio to contact SAC to inform them that they are about to make the strike. As a last-minute measure, the Soviets fire a barrage of nuclear-tipped missiles to form a fireball in an attempt to knock the low-flying Vindicator out of the sky. The bomber shoots up two decoy missiles, which successfully leads the Soviet missiles high in the air and Colonel Grady's plane survives.
With the radio open, the President attempts to persuade Grady that there is no war. Grady's son also attempts to convince him. Under standing orders that such a late recall attempt must be a Soviet trick, Grady ignores them. Grady tells his crew that We're not just walking wounded, we're walking dead men, due to radiation from the Soviet missiles. He intends to fly the aircraft over Moscow and detonate the bombs in the plane. His co-pilot notes, There's nothing to go home to. Meanwhile, the American president has ordered another American bomber to circle over New York City with 40-megaton payload, which should be dropped in case of the bombing of Moscow. The American ambassador in Moscow reports about the final moments of the Russian capital before being vaporized from the blast.
The American bomber receives an order to drop its bombs over New York City in order for the destruction of Moscow to be reciprocated and a Third World War avoided. It was earlier revealed that the American President's wife was in New York while the events of the film transpired, meaning she would be killed in the blast. The pilot of the American bomber, General Black, commits suicide with a lethal injection just after releasing the bombs.
tags: dramatic,  horror, 

title: Music Box
synopsis: Chicago defense attorney Anne Talbot learns that her father, Hungarian immigrant Michael J. Laszlo, is in danger of having his U.S. citizenship revoked. The reasons are that he stands accused of war crimes. He insists that it is a case of mistaken identity. Against the advice of her former father-in-law, corporate attorney Harry Talbot, Anne resolves to defend her father in court. One of her reasons is how deeply her son, Mikey, loves and admires his grandfather.
According to prosecuting attorney Jack Burke of the Office of Special Investigations, Michael Laszlo is not, as he claims, a simple political refugee, regular churchgoer, and family man. Rather, he is Mishka, the former commander of an Arrow Cross death squad. During the Siege of Budapest, Mishka's unit sadistically tortured and murdered scores of Hungarian Jews, Gypsies, and their Gentile protectors. To Anne, these allegations are absurd. The loving single father who raised her could not possibly have committed such crimes.
Preparing for her father's denaturalization hearing in the midst of a media circus puts enormous stress on Anne. Heartbroken and sickened, Anne tells her father that her research into The Holocaust in Hungary has made her feel, ashamed to be Hungarian. Her father lovingly replies, You're American.
Later, Jack Burke tells Anne that her father has no conscience, zero empathy, and that his love for his family is a façade. An enraged Anne replies by accusing Burke of murdering his recently deceased wife.
Meanwhile, her father's accounts reveal large payments to a fellow Hungarian immigrant named Tibor Zoldan. Her father claims these were loans to help a destitute friend and which he was unable to repay before his death.
As the hearing unfolds before a Jewish judge named Irwin Silver, the crimes of Mishka's unit are described in grisly testimony by the few who survived contact with them. All the witnesses identify Anne's father as the man who tortured them. Equally damning is an Arrow Cross identification card that bears his photograph and the name, Laszlo Miklos. An FBI agent initially confirms its authenticity. Her father claims that this is all a frame-up by Hungary's Communist Government and its secret police, the ÁVO. He says that it is retaliation for his protest against the U.S. tour of a Hungarian ballet troupe several years earlier.
Anne locates a Soviet defector who testifies about the KGB's forgery of such documents to frame anti-Communists in the West. The defector further explains that this technique was shared with every secret police in the Soviet Bloc. He explains that the Hungarian ÁVO was very interested in this tactic. This revelation, combined with Anne's questioning the reliability of witnesses who still live under a police state, throws Burke's case into serious doubt.
Burke then announces that there is a witness who can testify that Michael Laszlo is Mishka. Due to his medical problems, however, he is incapable of leaving Budapest. Anne, Burke, and Judge Silver travel to Hungary. Anne's father refuses, claiming that the Communists will assassinate him if he returns. Before her departure, Anne's legal assistant brings more details about Tibor Zoldan, who died in a hit-and-run car accident. She further declares, It feels like Tibor Zoldan was blackmailing your father. She gives Anne the address of Tibor's sister Magda.
At her Budapest hotel, Anne is visited by an ÁVO agent who claims to be a friend of her father. He leaves a box with a hidden folder of documents. The next day, after hearing the damning testimony of the witness, Anne produces the documents — signed affidavits in which the witness identified three completely different men as Mishka.
Despite the pleading of Burke and the witness, Judge Silver dismisses the Prosecution's case. A devastated Burke tells Anne that, while it is too late to save the victims, he thinks that it is important to remember what happened to them. He accuses Anne of living in a fantasy world and urges her to visit the bridge where Mishka threw his victims into the Danube River. At the time, the Red Army was storming Berlin, the Second World War was effectively over, and Hungarians were still massacring their Jewish countrymen. An infuriated Anne screams, Some Hungarians! Not my father!
Anne directs her cab-driver to take her to the bridge instead of the airport. After looking down at the river, Anne travels to the apartment of Magda Zoldan. Saying she knew Tibor, Anne is welcomed warmly. Magda mentions that the only thing she has of Tibor's is his wallet, sent to her by the Chicago Police Department. She produces from it a pawn shop ticket. Saying that she has little else to remember her brother, Magda implores Anne to retrieve whatever Tibor pawned and mail it to her. Before leaving, a horrified Anne realizes that, like Mishka, Tibor was a member of the Arrow Cross.
Back in Chicago, Anne visits the pawn shop and retrieves Tibor's music box. Anne winds it up and watches it go, taken in by its charm. Then, Anne sobs inconsolably as the music box dispenses a set of black-and-white photographs. They depict her youthful father in an Arrow Cross uniform -- sadistically torturing and murdering Jewish men, women, and children.
At Mikey's birthday party, Anne confronts her father, accusing him of being Mishka and of running down Tibor Zoldan with his car. With bottomless self-pity, her father laments that the ÁVO has poisoned his daughter against him. Visibly sickened, Anne asks her father why he can not just tell her the truth.
In the film's climax, Anne tells her father that she does not ever want herself or Mikey to ever see him again. Her father calmly explains that Mikey will never believe her. As Anne watches in silent horror, Mishka goes out to play with his grandson.
Anne is then seen typing a letter to Jack Burke, saying that she went to the Danube. She encloses Tibor Zoldan's photographs and negatives in the envelope.
Anne picks up a newspaper with a front-page headline: Mike Laszlo: War Criminal! Justice Department Releases Atrocity Photos. The film fades out as Anne shows the newspaper to her son.
tags: horror, 

title: Attila
synopsis: The story is set in 450 A.D. The Huns, a horde of barbarians from the distant plains of Asia, move toward the rich western lands of Germania, led by a savage chief, Attila.
Flavius Aetius, a Roman general, is the only person who knows Attila since he was in a continuation of legation with the Huns for years. Aetius and his companion Prisco carry a message from the Roman emperor Valentinian III to the Hun's king Rua. After reaching their palace, Aetius learns that the king died, and that two brothers Bleda and Attila are now ruling the Hun kingdom. Bleda favours peace and tolerance, but Attila is at odds with him, and tensions develop. Yet Aetius knows to make an alliance between the Western Roman Empire and the Huns.
Aetius returns to the Imperial court at Ravenna, where the childish emperor Valentinian III is busy with Roman parties in his palace and enjoying himself, while ignoring the fact that the Empire is beginning to fall apart. Because of this, his mother Galla Placidia is ruling the Empire. Honoria, daughter of Galla Placidia and sister of Valentinian hopes to get rid of them, but needs help to do so. She asks Aetius to join her in a coup d'état, but he has vowed an oath to serve the Empire and refuses, even if he's arrested and stripped of his military rank by Valantinian and Galla Placidia due to his alliance to the Huns.
The two brothers battle, Attila wins by ordering his bodyguard to fire arrows at Bleda and his bodyguard during the hunt, and declares himself the sole leader of the Huns, riling them to support his aspirations of conquering the Roman Empire.
Flavius Aetius returns to Ravenna where emperor Valantinian is distracted by an attempt to poison him. His mother Galla Placidia realizes that the Empire is on the edge of destruction and gives Aetius full military power. Honoria decides to leave the Imperial court and join the Huns. Aetius decides to stop Attila's horde at a river near Italy. The battle starts with a number of Hunnic cavalrymen killed, but when Aetius is in pursuit of the Huns the main cavalry attacks him. His main foot army comes to help, but he is shot in his neck by a Hunnic archer. The entire Roman army loses it's morale to fight on and flee, killing Honoria on the way back. On the eve of victory, Attila takes his son Bleda, (who was named after Atilla's brother) to the battlefield to witness their helpless situation. Aetius, badly injured, fires an arrow at Attila, but misses, and kills Bleda. This traumatizes Attila. Aetius regrets his failed shot, and dies seconds later. Finally on their way to Rome, the Huns face a sacred procession of priests, led by Pope Leo I. Attila is about to kill the Pope, but he says to him calmly, You can kill everybody...old people, women, children. But remember, Attila, innocent blood won't be washed away. It will come back to you. Attila turns back towards the Alps, leaving Rome untouched.
tags: violence,  horror, 

title: Uninhabited
synopsis: Marine biology student Beth and Harry are a young couple seeking a distinctive holiday trip, and they spend ten days on a deserted and idyllic coral island on the Great Barrier Reef in Australia, recording many of their adventures with a camcorder. The first two days manifest that they are not alone and the island has a disturbing history. Haunted by a presence, they find an abandoned grave next to an old shack, the latter which has an old drawing and seven tally marks inside on the wall. When Beth and Harry sift through their camera, they discover they were filmed sleeping. Alarmed, Beth wants to leave, but Harry intends to stay, believing kids are playing pranks. They sight fishermen on a boat with guns and later realize that the grave has been remodeled, now decorated with red coral, with a wooden cross embedded at the head of the grave that reads Coral on it.
The following day, Beth and Harry find severed sea cucumbers (trepang) hanging from a nearby line. By this episode, they realize they are in trouble and their phone, which they plan to use to call for rescue, goes missing. Searching for the phone, they come across Spiro (Billy Milionis) and Elias (Terry Siourounis), the two lunatic Greek fishermen they had seen the day before. This leads to Beth and Harry being tied up after snooping around their space and boat, accusing them of stealing their phone. Beth is sexually molested, but a female ghost appears and injures one man, as the fishermen flee from the island on their boat, and Harry and Beth manage to free themselves.
The next day, Beth reads an old journal left behind in the shack. She learns the ghost is a girl named Coral (Tasia Zalar), a young island girl who worked for a company, harvesting sea cucumbers in the 1920s. Treading on a venomous stone fish, she became an object of ridicule and was raped by seven men from the company. Ever since her death, her soul seeks vengeance against all men who visit the island. Beth is wrapped up in the story that Harry initially believes to be a hoax, and Beth admits she would do the same as Coral if she was the victim. Realizing they're in grave danger, the next day they plan to create a bonfire in the hopes a rescue team finds them. However, a ringing phone brings Harry alone to the shack and he encounters Coral, who kills him with a knife and hangs his naked body in a tree above her grave. As night falls, Beth finds his hanging corpse dripping blood onto the grave and faints.
The next morning, Beth recovers to find all trace of Harry's body gone—but one of the graves near the campsite has been filled in. While lighting the bonfire, she sees Coral standing on the reef. She runs in the water towards her, only to step on a stone fish, sending the painful poison running through her legs, as she manages to return to shore. On the tenth day, Jackson comes back to pick up the couple he dropped off, but no one is seen. He goes to enter the shack finding the journal resting on a chair. A menacing Beth confronts and presumably kills him. One of the final scenes show Beth's grave next to Coral's, appearing as if they joined forces.
tags: revenge,  horror, 

title: Scooby-Doo! Abracadabra-Doo
synopsis: After wrapping up their latest mystery, Velma gets a call from her mother asking that she check on her younger sister Madelyn, who attends a college for magicians. The gang head off to the Whirlen Merlin Magic Academy, located in an old Irish castle. They meet the owner, Whirlen Merlin, along with his brother Marlen, who acts as cook and butler, and Crystal, Whirlen's former stage assistant. Fred is smitten, to Daphne's irritation. The gang learns that a giant griffin has been scaring away the students and staff. After dinner, Velma, Daphne, and Fred are talking in the hall, when Daphne comments on his attraction to Crystal. Fred explains that she is so graceful, then he and Velma make fun of Daphne's klutziness.
Later that evening, Madelyn, who has had a crush on Shaggy for years, takes him on a romantic walk to in the gardens and show him an ancient sun-dial. Madelyn explains that the gryphon was meant to protect the school, but then the gryphon chases them from the garden. A student takes a picture of the gryphon, which appears on the morning newspaper. The rest of the students leave, so the gang starts taking classes themselves. Meanwhile, Calvin Curdles, a powerful vegetable ice-cream guru, continually offers to buy Whirlen's castle from him. The gang promises to investigate to see if Curdles is behind the Gryphon, so he tells Amos to call if he hears anything new.
Velma finds Daphne practicing ballet so she can be more graceful and capture Fred's attention. The two then stumble on a secret passageway leading to the attic of the school, where they discover (through an old scrapbook) that Alma Rumblebuns, the school's head maid, used to date Calvin Curdles. Meanwhile, Shaggy and Scooby discover the special effects room of the castle, where they are discovered by Ms. Rumblebuns and knock over some chemicals, creating a fog. The room is revealed as Marlen's private laboratory, where he creates holograms and puppets for Whirlen's show. Madelyn then finds a book about the ancient staff of O'Flannery, which is said to control the gryphon. Even though Amos warns them that the Island where the staff rests is haunted by a Banshee, the gang go to get the staff. They travel to O'Flannery's crypt and recover the staff, but are chased away by the Banshee and narrowly escape.
Afterwards, Shaggy and Madelyn sit down and talk, and Shaggy discovers that he likes Madelyn just as much. But afterwards, the gryphon quickly appears and chases them again. As the gang runs to the castle, Shaggy and Madelyn bump into Amos and misplace the staff with Amos' pitchfork. When Madelyn runs outside to recover the staff, she is kidnapped by the gryphon and taken to its Roost, an ancient derilict dilapidated tower. Meanwhile, the gang finds out that Amos has been secretly working for Calvin Curdles to try to get Whirlen to sell the castle. Amos calls Curdles to the castle while the gang goes to resccue Madelyn, and Calvin tries to convince Whirlen to sign over the castle. Whirlen almost does but the gang suggests that they wait before the deal is signed, still believing that Curdles is behind the entire thing.
They get into the tower with the spear,but they are separated in the process when the gryphon attacks. Shaggy and Scooby are left alone while the others get help, and Shaggy discovers the staff is a key to the roost where they rescue Madelyn. But their reunion is quickly cut short again when the gryphon attacks but they are able to escape. Shaggy also throws the staff at the gryphon during the process, causing it to go out of control. Everybody else rushes outside including Curdles. The gryphon crashes to the ground, where they discover that it is actually a giant puppet, controlled from a blimp hidden by a fog machine run by Whirlen's brother Marlin. He had discovered that Lord O'Flannery had devices hidden in the Gryphon's Roost, hoping it would make everyone think a monster lived there. Marlin used the devices to scare trespassers away. He was also behind the banshee, which was only a hologram.
Tired of doing all the work but getting none of the credit, Marlen decided to use his puppets and illusions to become a famous magician himself, but he needed money and the only way was to get Whirlen to sell the castle. So Marlin had his gryphon puppet scare everyone away. He apologizes for trying to make Whirlen fail, knowing how much the school meant to him, not wanting to take away his dream. Whirlen forgives Marlin, and all is well. Velma reveals that Amos found Marlin rebuilding the Gryphon and told Curdles about it. Curdles reveals he wanted to buy the castle to win back Alma's heart after having left her years before to make something of himself. He instead got distracted by the money from his vegetable and meat ice cream cones.
Alma accepts him back and they become a couple again. The Merlin brothers decide to make Madelyn their apprentice and soon after Calvin Curdles sponsors the reopening of the Merlin Brothers' Academy of Magic, where Madelyn performs with Daphne acting as her assistant. In one of the tricks she appears in the seat next to Fred and gently teases him, causing Fred to see her in an all new light. Scooby 'tames' a lion; which is actually the real Scooby controlling a puppet Scooby, which tames the lion.
tags: horror, 

title: Scooby-Doo in Where's My Mummy?
synopsis: The gang goes to Egypt to surprise Velma, who has been restoring the famous Sphinx for the past six months with Prince Omar. However, the Mystery Machine runs out of water in the radiator. Scooby-Doo and Shaggy try to find water for the Mystery Machine, and find a lake with a water which turns out to be a mirage. The gang meets an Egyptian nomad Amahl Ali Akbar and his hawk Horus. With their help, the gang is able to get to the Sphinx and meets Fear Facers host Rock Rivers whose show was recently canceled because he faked some footage. He then tells them of the curse. Scooby smells a familiar smell and leads the gang to Velma. Velma is surprised and introduces Omar to her friends. Velma then shows an ancient necklace which she found with the tomb of Queen Cleopatra. Suddenly, a nasty grave robbing scientist and treasure hunter named Dr. Amelia Von Butch and her minions appear to loot the tomb.
Against the wishes of Velma and Omar, Dr. Von Butch and her team use modern equipment and explosives to open the tomb, unleashing a curse made by Cleopatra. The curse says that all who enter will be turned to stone. No one believes this until Omar is accidentally separated from the others. As Scooby and Shaggy return to check on him, they find him as a statue. Dr. Von Butch decides to enter the tomb anyway. The gang decides to solve the mystery. Velma protests saying this is too dangerous, but agrees to let them solve the mystery. Scooby and Shaggy want to guard Omar, but the gang tells them that it's a mystery with no split up. The gang then follows Dr. Von Butch. After accidentally setting off a trap, the gang is split up.
The gang, Dr. Von Butch and her minions are then attacked by the army of mummies, but are all able to escape. Dr. von Butch and her minions then separate. While investigating the entire tomb in looking for Scooby and Shaggy, Velma slips on the ground and drops her glasses. Someone gives her back her glasses who turns out to be a mummy and Velma ends up being attacked. Fred and Daphne hear her screams and run to save her, but are too late: Velma has been turned into a statue too. Fred takes Omar's journal and Daphne takes the necklace.
Fred and Daphne try to stop Dr. Von Butch while Scooby and Shaggy discover a Lost City where they are mistaken for the returning pharaoh Ascoobis and his faithful manservant. Scooby then loses his collar. Fred and Daphne continue searching for Scooby and Shaggy until they bump into Rock Rivers and begin suspect him. They meet up with Dr. Von Butch and are all attacked by Cleopatra. Fred, Daphne, Dr. Von Butch and her minions are able to escape, but Rock Rivers is left behind only to be turned into a statue. Fred and Daphne leave the tomb and escape into a town which is close.
In a nearby town, at a bazaar, Fred and Daphne are attacked by a disguised Dr. Von Butch and her henchmen Campbell and Natasha where Fred and Daphne were hit by a sleeping powder as Dr. Von Butch steals an artifact from them. Later that night, Amahl uses an herb to wake up Fred and Daphne and tells them that Horus is looking for Shaggy and Scooby. Horus finds Scooby's collar and leads them to where he found it.
Meanwhile, the Lost City's leader Hotep, attempts to feed them to his Spirit of the Sand, a giant scorpion monster that turns out to be a robot he had built. Fred and Daphne arrive with Amahl, who reveals Hotep to be the brilliant civil engineer named Armin Granger who is illegally damming the Nile River.
After Hotep is taken away, Fred and Daphne tell Scooby and Shaggy about Velma. Daphne gives back Scooby's collar until she realizes that the necklace is missing. The gang finds out that Dr. Von Butch stole the necklace. The gang comes up with a plan. Meanwhile, Dr. Von Butch and her minions return to the tomb, but are kidnapped by Cleopatra and the mummies.
The gang leads an army composed of the citizens of the Lost City into Cleopatra's tomb to break the curse and free Velma. Dr. Von Butch is able to escape. In the chaos of the battle between an army led by Daphne (pretending to be Cleopatra) and Cleopatra's undead army, the evil Amelia Von Butch - who has now lost all of her team to the curse - sneaks into the chamber of Cleopatra, stealing the crown of Cleopatra and causing the Nile River to burst through the tomb, un-damming the Nile and flushing out the riches hidden in the tomb, thus restoring the treasure to the people of Egypt according to Cleopatra's last wish. Amahl captures Dr. Von Butch.
The mystery is solved when it is revealed that Cleopatra's mummy was really Velma, who had planned the whole thing along with Prince Omar and his workers in order to scare away treasure hunters. They had made cement copies of themselves to pass off as victims of the curse. Dr. Von Butch and her team (who were never turned to stone, just copies like Velma and Omar), are taken to jail. The gang is confused why Velma kept that on a secret. Velma explains that she was afraid that her friends would get hurt during the mission.
Some time later, the restoration of the Sphinx is finally completed. When Shaggy fires a jumbo-sized firecracker (which he comments fit for the Pharaohs), it hits the Sphinx's nose which once again falls off. Omar states that the Sphinx looks better this way, and the gang shares a laugh.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: The Watcher in the Woods
synopsis: Americans Helen and Paul Curtis and their daughters Jan and Ellie, move into a manor in rural England. Mrs. Aylwood, the owner of the residence who now lives in the guest house next door, notices that Jan bears a striking resemblance to her daughter, Karen, who disappeared inside an abandoned chapel in the woods thirty years earlier.
Jan senses something unusual about the property almost immediately, and begins to see strange blue lights in the woods, triangles, and glowing objects. Eventually, Ellie goes to buy a puppy she inexplicably names Nerak (an anagram for Karen). After seeing the reflection of the name Nerak (Karen spelled backwards), Jan is told about the mystery of Mrs. Aylwood's missing daughter by Mike Fleming, the teenage son of a local woman, Mary.
One afternoon, Nerak runs into woods, and Ellie chases after him. Jan, realizing her sister has disappeared from the yard, goes into the woods to find her, eventually locating her at a pond. In the water, she sees a blue circle of light, and is blinded by a flash, causing her to fall in; she nearly drowns, but Mrs. Aylwood saves her. Mrs. Aylwood brings Jan and Ellie to her home, and recounts the night her daughter disappeared.
Later, Mike discovers that his mother, Mary, was with Karen when she disappeared, but she evades his questions. Meanwhile, Jan attempts to get information from John Keller, a reclusive aristocrat who was also there that night, but he refuses to speak to her. On her way home, Jan cuts through the woods, where she encounters a local hermit, Tom Colley, who tells Jan he was also present at Karen's disappearance. He claims that during a seance-like ceremony on the night of a lunar eclipse, Karen vanished when lightning struck the church bell tower.
Jan decides to recreate the ceremony during the upcoming solar eclipse, hoping it will bring Karen back. She gathers Mary, Tom, and John at the abandoned chapel, and they attempt to repeat the ceremony. Meanwhile, Ellie, while watching the eclipse from the front yard, suddenly goes into a trance-like state, apparently possessed, and enters the woods. At the chapel, the ceremony is interrupted by a powerful wind that shatters the windows, and Ellie appears. In a voice that is not her own, she explains that an accidental switch took place thirty years ago, in which Karen traded places with an alien presence from an alternate dimension; thus, the Watcher has been haunting the woods since, while Karen has remained suspended in time.
The Watcher then leaves Ellie's body, manifesting as a pillar of light, fueled by the circle of friendship. It engulfs Jan and lifts her into the air, but Mike intercedes and pulls her away before the Watcher disappears. Simultaneously, the eclipse ends, and Karen, still the same age as when she disappeared, reappears – still blindfolded. She removes the blindfold just as Mrs. Aylwood enters the chapel.
tags: gothic,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: Pedro Páramo
synopsis: The novel is set in the town of Comala, considered to be Comala in the Mexican state of Colima.
The story begins with the first person account of Juan Preciado, who promises his mother at her deathbed that he will return to Comala to meet his father, Pedro Páramo. Juan suggests that he did not intend to keep this promise until he was overtaken by visions of his mother. His narration is interspersed with fragments of dialogue from the life of his father, who lived in a time when Comala was a robust, living town, instead of the ghost town it has become. Juan encounters one person after another in Comala, each of whom he perceives to be dead. Midway through the novel, Preciado dies. From this point on most of the stories happen in the time of Pedro Páramo.
Most of the characters in Juan's narration (Dolores Preciado, Eduviges Dyada, Abundio Martínez, Susana San Juan, and Damiana Cisneros) are also presented in an omniscient narration but much less subjectively. The two major competing narrative voices present alternative visions of Comala, one living and one full of the spirits of the dead. The omniscient narration provides details of the life of Pedro Páramo, from his early youthful idealization of Susana San Juan to his rise to power upon his coming of age to his tyrannical abuses and womanizing, and, finally, to his death. Pedro is cruel, and though he raises one of his illegitimate sons, Miguel Páramo (whose mother dies giving birth), Miguel does not love his father (who dies when Pedro is a child) or either of his two wives.
His only love, from a very young age, is that of Susana San Juan, a childhood friend who leaves Comala with her father at a young age. Pedro Páramo bases all of his decisions on, and puts all of his attention into trying to get Susana San Juan to return to Comala. When she finally does, Pedro makes her his, but she constantly mourns her dead husband Florencio and spends her time sleeping and dreaming about him. Pedro realizes that Susana San Juan belongs to a different world that he will never understand.
When she dies the church bells toll incessantly, provoking a fiesta in Comala. Pedro buries his only true love, and angry at the indifference of the town, swears vengeance. As the most politically and economically influential person in the town, Pedro crosses his arms and refuses to continue working, and the town dies of hunger. This is why in Juan's narration, we see a dead, dry Comala instead of the luscious place it was when Pedro Páramo was a boy.
tags: allegory,  psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Repentance
synopsis: Repentance is set in a small Georgian town. The film starts with the scene of a woman preparing cakes. A man in a chair is reading from a newspaper that the town's mayor, Varlam Aravidze (Avtandil Makharadze) has died. One day after the funeral the corpse of the mayor turns up in the garden of his son's house. The corpse is reburied, only to reappear again in the garden. A woman, Ketevan Barateli (Zeinab Botsvadze), is eventually arrested and accused of digging up the corpse. She defends herself and states that Varlam does not deserve to be buried as he was responsible for a Stalin-like regime of terror responsible for the disappearance of her parents and her friends. She is put on trial and gives her testimony, with the story of Varlam's regime being told in flashbacks.
During the trial, Varlam's son Abel (Avtandil Makharadze) denies any wrongdoings by his father and his lawyer tries to get Ketevan declared insane. Varlam's grandson Tornike (Merab Ninidze) is shocked by the revelations about the crimes of his grandfather. He ultimately commits suicide. Abel himself then throws Varlam's corpse off a cliff on the outskirts of the town.
At the end the film returns to the scene of the woman preparing a cake. An old woman is asking her at the window whether this is the road that leads to the church. The woman replies that the road is Varlam street and will not lead to the temple. The old woman replies: What good is a road if it doesn't lead to a church?
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: The Abominable Dr. Phibes
synopsis: Dr. Anton Phibes was an expert in theology and music who was supposedly killed in a car crash in 1921, shortly after the death of his beloved wife, Victoria, during an operation. However, he survived the crash, horribly scarred by the accident and left unable to speak, forcing him to remake his face with prosthetics and use his knowledge of acoustics to regain his voice. Resurfacing in 1925, Phibes believes that his wife died a victim of incompetent doctors, and begins elaborate plans to kill them.
Phibes begins his quest for vengeance with the help of his beautiful and silent female assistant Vulnavia, using the ten plagues of Egypt as a basis, wearing an amulet with Hebrew letters corresponding with the appropriate plagues as he commits the murders. After three doctors are killed, Inspector Trout, a detective from Scotland Yard, learns that they had all worked together under the direction of Dr. Vesalius, who reveals that all of the deceased had been on his team in Victoria's case, as well as four other doctors and a nurse. When another murder is reported, Trout suspects Phibes is alive, and he and Vesalius go to the Phibes mausoleum at Highgate Cemetery. They find ashes in a box in Phibes' coffin, which Trout believes are the remains of Phibes' chauffeur; Victoria's coffin is empty.
Despite all of the police's best efforts, Phibes is able to kill the remaining doctors and the nurse. Reserving the final punishment for Dr. Vesalius, he kidnaps the doctor's son, Lem, then calls Vesalius and tells him to come alone to his mansion on Maldene Square if he wants to save his son's life. Despite Trout's protests, Vesalius knocks the inspector unconscious and immediately races to Phibes' mansion, where he confronts the mad doctor. Phibes has placed Vesalius' son under anesthesia and prepared him for surgery; a small key implanted near the boy's heart will unlock his restraints, but Vesalius must perform the surgery within six minutes (the same amount of time Victoria was on the operating table before her death) to get the key before acid from a container above Lem's head falls and destroys his face. Vesalius succeeds and moves the table out of the way; Vulnavia, backing away from the police, is sprayed with the acid instead.
Convinced he has accomplished his vendetta, Phibes retreats to the basement of his house to lie in the stone sarcophagus containing the embalmed body of his wife. He drains out his own blood and replaces it with embalming fluid as the coffin's inlaid stone lid slides into place, concealing them both in darkness. Trout and the police arrive and discover that Phibes has mysteriously disappeared. Trout and Vesalius recall that the final curse was darkness, and they speculate that they will encounter Phibes again.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  revenge, 

title: Halloweentown II: Kalabar's Revenge
synopsis: 15-year-old Marnie (Kimberly J. Brown) has just spent 2 years with her grandmother Aggie (Debbie Reynolds). While hosting a mortal neighborhood Halloween party at their house, Marnie tries to impress a cute new boy, Kal (Daniel Kountz), by showing him Aggie's magically-hidden room. Unbeknownst to Marnie, Kal is actually the son of Kalabar and takes the opportunity to steal Aggie's spell book. Soon Aggie notices unwelcome magical symptoms. She and Marnie travel to Halloweentown to investigate and to fix the problem before the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world, open only on Halloween, closes at midnight.
They discover that the whole town has been turned into a made-to-match black-and-white world, and that the inhabitants have been turned into dreary, discolored, monotonous humans. The victims include Marnie's goblin friend Luke (Phillip Van Dyke). Aggie diagnoses this as the Grey Spell. Aggie contacts her grandson Dylan (Joey Zimmerman) back home for a spell from her spell book. Dylan and Sophie (Emily Roeske) discover the book is missing. Marnie and Aggie learn that Kal is actually a warlock and the son of their enemy Kalabar (from the previous film). They learn that Kal stole Aggie's spell book to limit her ability to hinder his attempt to complete his father's revenge on both Halloweentown and the mortal world. Aggie searches for a spare copy of her spell book at her house in Halloweentown, but it is missing and she despairs. During a conversation with Aggie, Marnie inadvertently reverts Luke back to his goblin form. Unable to explain the spell's reversal, the group soon believes that it is temporary.
The trio travel to the lair of the well-known junk magnet of the universe, Gort (Blu Mankuma), who acquires lost items from both realms. He had been discolored by the Grey Spell and sold most of his junk. The group is trapped in Gort's house. Aggie loses her color as well and sorts through socks with Gort. Marnie uses time travel to go back to Gort's house before the Grey Spell happened. When Marnie and Luke arrive, they learn that Gort had sold the spare spell book to Kalabar about 50 years prior. By remembering what things Marnie had been hastefully saying back when Luke returned to his normal goblin form, they realize that the Grey Spell can be reverted by saying Trapa, which is Apart spelled backwards.
Kal, having enspelled Halloweentown into a monochrome caricature of the mortal world, is now at work enspelling the mortal world into a monster movie caricature of Halloweentown. Sophie and Dylan realize that Alex (Peter Wingfield), believed to be Kal's father, is actually a golem intended to distract their mother Gwen (Judith Hoag) at a high school Halloween party. Kal puts his spell into effect, turning the party guests into the monsters they are dressed as, resulting in chaos. Dylan and Sophie hide from the monster humans including their mother.
Marnie frees Aggie, but they are too late as the portal to the mortal world closes, trapping them in Halloweentown. Marnie refuses to accept they are locked in. She contacts her siblings and they create a new spell that forces the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world to reopen permanently. Kal angrily confronts Marnie, who mocks him and demands the spell book. Kal produces vines and uses them to take both spell books in an attempt to prove his own superiority, which fails when Marnie takes them from him. Kal is sent away by the vines and the family breaks his spells in the mortal world and in Halloweentown.
tags: horror, 

title: Il coltello di ghiaccio
synopsis: A famous singer, Jenny Ascot (Evelyn Stewart), visits her cousin Martha Caldwell (Carroll Baker) at her home in the Pyrenees. Caldwell has long been rendered mute after witnessing both her parents being killed in a train crash. While Ascot and Caldwell are travelling to Caldwell's home, they notice a strange man who seems to be following them. That night, at Caldwell's villa, Ascot hears noises coming from the garage, and when she investigates, is killed by an unseen figure.
The police believe the killing is connected to the murder of a teenage girl hours before, and their prime suspect is a local hippy they are convinced is a drug-addicted Satanist. However, two more murders occur while this suspect is in custody. Several other locals are placed under suspicion, including a doctor (Franco Fantasia), a chauffeur (Eduardo Fajardo) and an occultist (George Rigaud). Eventually the man who Caldwell and Ascot saw following them is arrested, and the police discover that his girlfriend had been found murdered several days earlier.
However, after this man is taken into custody, Caldwell's friend Christina (Rosa María Rodríguez) is also murdered, prompting police to reopen the investigation. After they find that their suspect's girlfriend had died of a drug overdose, rather than being murdered, it eventually comes to light that the killer is Caldwell herself. She had killed Ascot out of jealousy of her singing voice, which piqued her interest in murder, and resurfaced to kill Christina when the girl had discovered evidence linking Caldwell to the crimes.
tags: cult,  horror,  murder, 

title: Yabu no naka no kuroneko
synopsis: Yone (Nobuko Otowa) and her daughter-in-law Shige (Kiwako Taichi), who live in a house in a bamboo grove, are raped and murdered by soldiers, and their house is burned down. A black cat appears, licking at the bodies.
The women return as ghosts with the appearance of fine ladies, who wait at Rajōmon. They find samurai and bring them to an illusory mansion in the bamboo grove where the burnt-out house was. They seduce and then kill the samurai like cats, tearing their throats with teeth.
Meanwhile, in northern Japan a battle is taking place with the Emishi. A young man, Hachi (Nakamura Kichiemon II), fortuitously kills the enemy general, Kumasunehiko. He brings the severed head to show the governor, Minamoto no Raikō (Kei Sato). He lies that he fought the general under the name Gintoki. He is made a samurai in acknowledgement of his achievement. When he goes looking for his mother and bride, he finds their house burned down and the women missing.
Raikō tells Gintoki to find and destroy the ghosts who are killing the samurai. Gintoki encounters the two women and realizes that they are his mother and wife. They have made a pact with the underworld to return and kill samurai in revenge for their deaths. Because Gintoki has become a samurai, by their pact they must kill him, but the bride breaks her pledge to spend seven nights of love with Gintoki. Then, because she has broken the pact, she is condemned to the underworld. Gintoki lies to Raikō that he has destroyed one of the ghosts.
Gintoki encounters the other ghost again at Rajōmon trying to seduce samurai. After seeing her reflection as a ghost in a pool of water, he attacks her with his sword, cutting off her arm, which takes on the appearance of a cat's leg. She flees but then returns to retrieve the arm, then disappears by flying through a roof. Finally Gintoki is left flailing his sword around in the illusory mansion. The mansion disappears, and the film ends with Gintoki lying face up in the snow with his sword in hand.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  horror,  flashback,  romantic,  tragedy,  revenge, 

title: Troop Beverly Hills
synopsis: On the last day of school in 1989, Phyllis Nefler (Shelley Long) is a socialite Beverly Hills wife with a heart of gold recently separated from her husband, Freddy (Craig T. Nelson), a wealthy owner of an auto shop chain. Freddy feels Phyllis has become a self-absorbed shopaholic who never follows through on her commitments, and that she has drifted from the caring, imaginative personality that made him marry her. To prove him wrong, Phyllis decides to become the new den mother of their daughter, Hannah's (Jenny Lewis) unruly, leaderless local girl scout troop of Wilderness Girls.
While Phyllis is boutique-hopping along Rodeo Drive, the council is reviewing her application, then approving it as they believe Phyllis has the makings of an excellent den leader. Although Phyllis severely lacks the skills found in most troop leaders, she resolves to teach the girls how to survive in the wilds of Beverly Hills, even customizing new merit badges for her troop. One campout results in the troop getting hit by a rain squall, which Phyllis and the girls flee to the Beverly Hills Hotel. Despite her unorthodox ways, Phyllis demonstrates an unwavering commitment to the girls' well-being and acts as a surrogate mother/friend to the girls, who are often neglected by their own wealthy and distracted parents. However, during an award ceremony on a yacht, her husband's new girlfriend gets knocked overboard and asks for a life saver and Phyllis responds which flavor. Fred remarks he was hoping to see Hannah learn a few outdoors and civil defense skills, such as first aid, and he is unsure about that under Phyllis' mentorship.
Phyllis' unorthodox methods also run afoul of another scout leader, Velda Plendor (Betty Thomas), a mean-spirited, retired army nurse who helps advise the Culver City Red Feathers (of which her own daughter, Cleo (Dinah Lacey) is a member) to run like a military unit. Because Velda has considerable pull at the regional council level, she declares Phyllis' customized merit badges ineligible and sends her assistant troop leader, Annie Herman (Mary Gross), to infiltrate Troop Beverly Hills.
Much to Velda's dismay, Troop Beverly Hills, which is yet unrecognized by the regional council, can gain recognition by passing a series of tests at an upcoming Jamboree. However, in order to qualify for the Jamboree, and to show up Velda, the troop needs to sell cookies, 1,000 boxes. To prevent this from happening, Velda sabotages Troop Beverly Hills by selling cookies in their own neighborhood. Seeing this, as well as realizing Phyllis' true personality, Annie becomes Phyllis' assistant for real, offering her abilities to get the girls recognized merit badges. The parents of the girls, appreciative of Phyllis and Annie's leadership, offer to buy the cookies themselves in order to go to the jamboree, but Phyllis suggests another idea both to beat Velda at her own game and teach the girls salesmanship - a series of star-studded cookie sales in an untapped district. This proves fruitful, as the girls sell over 4,000 boxes of cookies, more than enough to qualify for the Jamboree.
Phyllis is then hit with a one-two punch: even though Freddy has broken up with his new girlfriend, he wants to proceed with the divorce, including joint custody of Hannah; and Velda meanly tries to talk her out of attending the Jamboree, warning that it is in the backcountry is 20 miles from the nearest campsite, and 100 miles from the nearest 4-star hotel. She sinks into a deep depression and finally decides to disband the troop, but Hannah and the other girls talk her out of it.
During the Jamboree, the Red Feathers try to get ahead of Troop Beverly Hills by misdirecting them into a snake-infested swamp which causes the troop to lose vital radio contact with Annie, but a skunk scares Phyllis and the girls into running through a shortcut, making them first in the qualifying event. In the final run, Velda takes charge of the Red Feathers herself and cuts down a rope bridge, but this also fails. However, when Velda cheats a final time by going into a restricted area used only for hunting, she wounds herself on a bear trap. Velda's boot and sock are removed and it is confirmed that her ankle is broken. The Red Feathers, especially Cleo, leave her behind for the sake of winning. Troop Beverly Hills finds her, barefoot and bitter, and reluctantly carries her to the finish, but only after Phyllis reminds the girls that they have to be considerate to those in need, even if they are adversaries.
The Red Feathers cross the finish line first but are disqualified because council law stipulates the leader must be with the troop. Although Cleo runs off with the trophy, Troop Beverly Hills is declared the winners of the Jamboree and are validated as true Wilderness Girls. Francis Temple, the regional leader, fires Velda from the Wilderness Girls Organization for cheating on the trail and for putting the Troop Beverly Hills girls in potential danger. In turn Velda hurls insults at the councilwomen for recognizing Troop Beverly Hills. The girls' families show up moments later and are very proud of them. Freddy, impressed by Phyllis' complete turnaround, decides to call off the divorce, and he and Phyllis get back together.
Next Year in Summer 1990, Troop Beverly Hills is seen as the new Poster Troop while Velda is shown with a very humiliating job at Kmart announcing a Blue Light Special on cookies in one of the aisles, a final fate she tried to threaten Annie with earlier.
tags: horror,  storytelling,  home movie, 

title: From Hell
synopsis: In 1888, Mary Kelly (Heather Graham) and her small group of London prostitutes trudge through unrelenting daily misery. When their friend Ann Crook (Joanna Page) is kidnapped, they are drawn into a conspiracy with links higher up than they could possibly imagine. The kidnapping is soon followed by the gruesome murder of another woman, Martha Tabram (Samantha Spiro); and it becomes apparent that they are being hunted down, one by one as various prostitutes are murdered and mutilated post-mortem.
The murder of Martha and her companions grabs the attention of Whitechapel Police Inspector Frederick Abberline (Johnny Depp), a brilliant, yet troubled, man whose police work is often aided by his psychic visions. His colleague, Sergeant Peter Godley (Robbie Coltrane), tries to grasp his friend's wild theories. Abberline's investigations reveal that the murders, while gruesome, imply that an educated person is responsible due to the precise and almost surgical method used. Ann is found a few days later in a workhouse having been lobotomized after officials and doctors supposedly found her to be insane, though it is implied this was done to silence her.
Abberline consults Sir William Gull (Ian Holm), a physician to the Royal Family, drawing on his experience and knowledge of medicine. During this meeting, it is revealed Abberline is struggling with opium addiction. Gull's findings, coupled with his superiors impeding his investigations, point Abberline to a darker and more organized conspiracy than he originally thought. Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case, which takes on personal meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love.
Abberline deduces that Freemason influence is definitely present in these crimes. His superior, a high ranking Freemason himself, then makes direct intervention and suspends Abberline. It is then revealed that Gull is the killer. He has been killing the witnesses to painter Albert Sickert (Mark Dexter)'s forbidden Catholic marriage to Crook, who bore his legitimate daughter, Alice. Sickert is actually Prince Albert, grandson of reigning Queen Victoria (Liz Moscrop), and therefore Alice is heiress to the British throne. Gull tells Abberline that mankind will remember him for giving birth to the 20th century. Abberline draws his gun, vowing that Gull will never see the 20th century, but before he is able to shoot Gull, he is knocked out by Ben Kidney, another Freemason.
The Freemasons try to have Abberline eliminated without leaving any witnesses, but Abberline fights back and kills two of the assassins by overturning a carriage. Gull himself is a Freemason and his increasingly sinister behavior lends an insight into his murderous, but calculated, mind. Rather than publicly charge Gull, the Freemasons decide to lobotomize him to protect themselves and the Royal Family from the scandal. Gull defiantly states he has no equal among men, remaining unrepentant up to his lobotomy, resulting in him becoming invalid just as Ann had been.
Abberline tries to save Mary, but arrives too late, and blames his superior for not helping him or Godley on the cases. Abberline does nothing but watch Mary's mutilated body being taken away. Abberline receives a mysterious letter, which he soon realizes is from Mary, but he decides not to look for her as a way to offer her protection, as the Freemasons may be watching his every move. Abberline decides to burn the letter, knowing that he can never have a normal life.
Mary Kelly was not killed; Gull mistook Ada, whom Liz said was from France (but is from Brussels in Belgium), for Mary and he killed her instead. Mary lives with Alice as her daughter in a cottage on a cliff by the sea. Abberline is found dead of an opium overdose, knowing he can never see Mary again without endangering her. Sergeant Godley comes to pay his respects for the Inspector.
tags: dark,  psychological,  gothic,  murder,  mystery,  paranormal,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  good versus evil,  insanity,  revenge,  historical, 

title: Toolbox Murders
synopsis: Daisy Rain goes to her apartment in the Lusman Arms, a former luxury hotel undergoing renovations, and is beaten to death with a hammer by a man wearing a balaclava. In another room, new tenants Nell and Steven Barrows, a teacher and a medical intern, are introduced to the amenities and a few of the residents by Byron, the building manager. As Steven works long hours, Nell is left alone most of the time, and befriends Julia Cunningham, a neighbor down the hall, and Chas Rooker, an elderly man who reveals some of the history of the structure, mentioning it was made by Jack Lusman, who disappeared mysteriously, and that builders died while working on it.
As days pass, the Lusman Arms are plagued by mysterious circumstance; strange noises are heard throughout it and coming from the intercoms, Nell finds a trinket containing human teeth in a wall, and Julia and another tenant vanish, having been killed (with a drill and a nail gun, respectively) by the ski masked murderer, who hides their bodies. While looking into Julia's disappearance, Nell speaks with Chas, who offers cryptic warnings about the nature of the building, and sneaks Nell a note reading Look for her in Room 504. Nell takes the advice, and discovers that there is no Room 504, and that all the other floors lack apartments whose numbering should end with 4.
Nell goes to the Los Angeles Preservation Society, where an employee tells her that Jack Lusman was an occultist who associated with a society that tried to mix science and magic, and that the symbols (which Nell copies down on her arms) decorating the building are part of a spell. The blueprints for the Lusman Arms also reveal that there is a townhouse hidden within the structure, hence all the missing rooms. Nell returns home, and finds a hatch on the roof of the building that allows entrance into the townhouse, where she uncovers a room dedicated to the Golden Age of Hollywood, torture chambers, and dozens of corpses. The killer, who had just butchered another tenant and the handyman, appears, and removes his mask to reveal that he is a monster, which the credits refer to as Coffin Baby.
A teenage resident discovers that the webcam he had been using to spy on Julia had recorded her death, prompting him to go to Steven, who finds Nell's notes about the building, and goes looking for her along with the boy, Byron, and the doorman. The men send the teen to get the police after they find a passageway into Coffin Baby's lair, which they enter. Coffin Baby kills Byron and the doorman, and gives chase to Nell and Steven, the former of whom theorizes that Coffin Baby needs death and the Lusman Arms to continue existing. The Barrows are found by Chas, who tries to lead them to safety, and murmurs that Coffin Baby came into the world when he clawed his way out of his dead and buried mother's womb.
Coffin Baby leaps out from under a pile of human remains, fatally throws Chas at a wall, and captures Nell, but she is saved by Steven, who bludgeons Coffin Baby, and knocks a shelf onto him. The authorities arrive, and take Steven to a hospital, and as Nell returns to her apartment, the police lift up the debris that fell on Coffin Baby, who has disappeared. Coffin Baby crashes through Nell's window and tries to kill her, but is disoriented by the runes she had earlier drawn on her arms, distracting him long enough for a pair of police officers to barge in, and shoot him out a window, causing him to be hanged by a cord Nell had wrapped around his neck. The officers check on Nell, then go to the window, only to find that Coffin Baby has once again vanished.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Scooby-Doo and the Goblin King
synopsis: The Mystery, Inc. gang visit a Halloween carnival on Halloween night. When the magician The Amazing Krudsky (voiced by Wayne Knight) does not allow Scooby to see his show, he and Shaggy accidentally expose Krudsky as a fraud during one of his acts, resulting in the gang getting kicked out of the carnival. The rebellious Fairy Princess Willow (voiced by Hayden Panettiere) later enters Krudsky's tent, where he secretly reveals his wishes to become a real magician. The fairy inadvertently causes Krudsky to notice her on the Goblin Scepter in a spell book, which can be combined with fairy magic to control Halloween. Krudsky then gets an idea to obtain the scepter and rule the world with it. Willow decides to toy with him, but while flying, she accidentally slams her small body against a metal chair knocking her out; Krudsky then crushes her with his flyswatter. When he notices her cry of pain from being crushed, he sees that she is a real fairy, kidnaps her, and absorbs her magical powers, thus becoming a real magician.
Meanwhile, Scooby-Doo and the gang go trick-or-treating all night. Shaggy's and Scooby's last stop is a spooky looking house which claims to be a genuine magic shoppe. However, a very loud thunderstorm also begins, frightening the heroes. Inside, they meet the kind Mr. Gibbles (voiced by Wallace Shawn), who reveals that magic really does exist. At that moment, Willow enters being chased by Krudsky; he captures her and turns Gibbles into a rabbit, and steals the magic equipment before leaving. Mr. Gibbles explains to an astonished Shaggy and Scooby that Krudsky, after capturing the good magic of the princess, will now want the bad magic held in the scepter of the Goblin King, which will, as well, cause an imbalance in the supernatural order which will make Halloween remain forever and as a result will turn every human into horrifying monsters. Shaggy and Scooby board the Grim Reaper Railway which flies them to the spirit world. Once they arrive, the two realize that they need to get the scepter before Krudsky can, and return home before sunrise or else they will be trapped in the magic world forever. Before they depart, Gibbles gives them magic cards that perform spells just by reading the inscription on each one; however, they have to be saved for emergencies because each card can only be used once and each spell is temporary. To make it less suspicious-looking, Shaggy and Scooby are magically disguised by being transformed into monster-like versions of themselves.
While looking for Shaggy and Scooby, Fred, Daphne and Velma see Krudsky conversing with the Goblin King through a mirror where the Goblin King (voiced by Tim Curry) agrees to exchange his scepter for Princess Willow at midnight at a clock tower. However, seeing that all the evil magic and the Goblin King are real causes Velma's rational mind to shut down; Fred and Daphne leave Velma to rest and go to the tower and set a trap for the Goblin King and Krudsky.
Back in the magic world, Shaggy and Scooby go to a bar owned by a werewolf (also voiced by Tim Curry). During the song Bump in the Night, Shaggy adds in the lyric on how to get to the Goblin King's castle. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo find that everyone is afraid of the Goblin King and will not help them upon running off. The Goblin King's two bumbling goblin henchmen, Glob and Glum (voiced by James Belushi and Larry Joe Campbell), attempt to capture Scooby and Shaggy, but the latter two are saved by Jack O'Lantern (voiced by Jay Leno), a living pumpkin who leads them to three witches while running away from the Headless Horseman. Along the way, they avoid the chasing monster (who was Jack's former body) by heading across a covered bridge which he cannot cross. The three of them arrive at the Witches' Hut where they meet the Grand Witch (voiced by Lauren Bacall) and her two fellow witches (voiced by Grey DeLisle and Russi Taylor). The witches send Shaggy and Scooby on a ride on their flying broomstick named Broomy towards the Goblin King's castle, but they are shot down by Glob and Glum by a goblin gun-like cannon.
Landing in a fairy village, Shaggy and Scooby find three fairies named Sparkplug, Honeybee and Tiddlywink, who help them to the Goblin King's castle entrance. Reluctantly using a potion from the witches (made from someone called Scratch), Shaggy and Scooby disguise themselves as Daphne (Shaggy) and Velma (Scooby) in order for Glob and Glum to let them into the castle. Only a few minutes away from midnight, Shaggy and Scooby try to run off with the scepter, but are captured and sent to the dungeon by the Goblin King who heads off to meet with Krudsky. At the clock tower, Krudsky and the Goblin King are almost through with their trade when Fred and Daphne release a trap and run off with the princess. But the trap only catches the Goblin King and Krudsky takes the scepter, turning himself into the new Goblin King before turning the Goblin King into a goose.
Krudsky and his new goblin army set off to take over the world. He turns the Mystery Machine into a living monster vehicle to chase Fred, Daphne, and the now-awakened Velma. They capture the three and Krudsky uses his powers to turn Fred into a vampire, Daphne into a witch, and Velma into a werewolf (respectively). At that moment, Scooby, Shaggy and Jack O'Lantern arrive having been saved from the dungeon before sunrise by the fairies and Broomy. Jack apparently sacrifices himself to strip Krudsky of the staff of which Scooby uses to break Krudsky's spells, restoring his friends, the Mystery Machine and Mr. Gibbles, and the Goblin King back to normal where he reclaims his staff from Scooby-Doo and then uses his restored powers to imprison Krudsky.
The Goblin King is revealed to be Willow's father who holds her responsible for all the trouble caused and grounds her for a year, though he does admits that he is relieved to have her back. Mr. Gibbles brings Jack back to life with the Goblin King's help, who then takes Krudsky prisoner for both his crimes and treachery (the Goblin King tells him that he will have plenty of time to work on his act). He, the goblin army, Willow, Jack, Broomy and Mr. Gibbles all return to the magical world. But before departing and to also keep the balance between the worlds, the Goblin King uses one final spell to erase the memory of the events from Fred's, Daphne's, Velma's, and the others' minds. However, Scooby and Shaggy are allowed to keep theirs as they have proven their courage.
As morning comes, Fred, Daphne and Velma forget what transpired (due to the effects of the memory-erasing spell) as Shaggy and Scooby-Doo come to pick them up. As the carnival packs up, Scooby uses an unpacked mirror one last time to spook the gang as the film ends.
tags: psychedelic,  horror,  fantasy, 

title: The Case of the Stuttering Pig
synopsis: On a dark and stormy night, Porky and his brothers (Patrick, Percy, Portis, Peter) and sister (Petunia) learn from lawyer Goodwill that they are set to inherit a fortune from their deceased rich uncle Solomon, with the kindly lawyer next in line after them. After Goodwill leaves, he walks into a secret laboratory and drinks a bottle of Jekyll and Hyde juice and turns into a hideous monster bent on killing them. The monster breaks the fourth wall and warns the audience not to interfere, with special emphasis by threatening the guy in the third row. One by one, he kidnaps the brothers, leaving only Porky and Petunia. As Porky and Petunia walk through the house, trying to find their brothers, the monster grabs Petunia, unbeknownst to Porky, and then starts trailing Porky. When Porky sees the monster, he screams and runs up the stairs, only to meet the monster at the top. He then screams and runs down the stairs, into the laboratory where the monster is holding his siblings prisoner. No sooner has Porky freed them than the monster breaks in and corners all of the pigs. Just when it seems the monster is going to kill them, a thrown theater chair (seemingly out of nowhere) flies into the monster, trapping him in the stocks where he had them earlier.
All six pigs (amazed by the incident): Who did that?!
Off-stage voice (shouting angrily): ME!
Monster (shocked at who attacked him): Who are YOU?!
Off-stage voice (replying angrily): I'm the guy in the third row, ya big sourpuss!!!
tags: horror, 

title: Ernest Scared Stupid
synopsis: Trantor is a demonic troll who transforms children into wooden dolls to feast upon their energy out on Briarville, Missouri in the late 19th Century. He is captured by townsfolk and sealed under a giant oak tree. One of the village elders, Phineas Worrell, an ancestor of Ernest, establishes the seal under the condition that Trantor can only be released on the night before Halloween and by the hands of a Worrell – and that every generation of Worrells would get dumber and dumber and dumber, culminating in Ernest P. Worrell.
Two hundred years later, Ernest, a sanitation worker, helps a few of his middle school friends, Kenny Binder, Elizabeth and Joey, construct a tree house in the same tree that unknowingly contains the dormant creature, after the mayor's sons demolished their own cardboard haunted house. When Old Lady Hackmore (Eartha Kitt) discovers this she angrily leaves. When Ernest follows her, he learns the story of Trantor and reports it to the kids. Inadvertently, Ernest releases the troll. Lulling him into a false sense of security using Ernest's voice, Trantor takes Joey and turns him into a wooden doll. Ernest finds Sheriff Binder, who is Kenny's dad, and explains the situation but they don't believe him. After none of the townsfolk will aid Ernest, he mounts a one-man (and one-dog) defense operation in preparation for Trantor's appearance. Meanwhile, Trantor captures a boy on a skateboard for his second victim.
Tom and Bobby Tulip, hoping to take advantage of Ernest, sell him a variety of fake troll traps, but one backfires on the mayor's sons and Ernest is fired from his job. Ernest, Kenny and Elizabeth return to Hackmore, where they learn that the heart of a child, and a mother's care are the only defenses against the troll. Later that night, Elizabeth is attacked by Trantor and made his third victim. Kenny and a friend named Gregg are walking, Trantor uses Elizabeth's voice to lure Kenny away, then takes Gregg as a fourth victim. Despite parents being upset at their missing children, Mayor Murdock and Sheriff Cliff Binder still proceed with a Halloween party at the school. Trantor appears there and takes the mayor's oldest son as his fifth and final wooden doll. In the ensuing fight between Trantor and Ernest, Trantor turns Ernest's dog Rimshot into a wooden doll before being driven off by frozen yogurt covering Ernest's hands. Kenny realizes that mother's care refers to milk and rallies a troll-fighting team to destroy them.
Back at the treehouse, Trantor successfully summons dozens of trolls while Ernest tries but fails to stop them. Kenny and his friends arrive and begin destroying the trolls with milk. Kenny unsuccessfully tries to destroy Trantor, who turns Kenny into a doll as well. With the rest of the townsfolk now backing him up and telling him to douse Trantor in milk, Ernest realizes that the troll children were susceptible to the milk, while Trantor himself would be weak against unconditional love: the heart of a child. He takes Trantor and dances with him while the mob watches, filling him with as much love as possible and finishing it off with a kiss to his snot-ridden nose, which causes Trantor to explode.
With Trantor's destruction, Ernest is proclaimed a hero. All of the wooden dolls are restored and life returns to normal.
tags: good versus evil,  horror,  stupid, 

title: La notte che Evelyn uscì dalla tomba
synopsis: Alan (Anthony Steffen) is a wealthy aristocrat who has just been released from a mental institution following the death of his wife, redheaded Evelyn. Having caught Evelyn making out with an unknown man prior to his institutionalization, the psychotic Alan begins luring redheaded strippers and prostitutes to his home to torture and kill them, as a means to deal with his grief and inability to get revenge on his deceased wife.
Alan attends a séance in which the medium contacts Evelyn, causing Alan to faint. Alan's cousin (and only living heir) Farley offers to move into the mansion to take care of him. Farley takes him to a strip club and Alan takes home Susan (Erika Blanc), one of the strippers at the club who disappears after barely escaping with her life. Afterwards, Farley believes that Alan would be cured of his instability if he replaces Evelyn with a new bride that resembles her. On Farley's advice, Alan moves to London to get away from his home and marries Gladys (Marina Malfatti), another redhead.
Gladys finds herself being haunted by strange goings on at her new home and being shunned by Evelyn's brother and Alan's invalid aunt, whom Alan has taken in as staff at his mansion. Gladys tells Alan her suspicions that Evelyn faked her death to escape Alan and run away with her lover. Alan's mental state continues to unravel as Evelyn's brother and Alan's aunt are each killed by a mystery killer and when he sees a zombified Evelyn beckoning to him from her tomb, he breaks down completely.
When Alan is taken away for permanent institutionalization, Gladys and Farley celebrate as they had been trying to push Alan back into insanity, with Farley supposedly impersonating Evelyn, so that Farley would gain control of Alan's fortune and estate. After they toast their success, Susan, the stripper that Alan had taken home, appears. Farley reveals that Susan was the one impersonating Evelyn and that the champagne Gladys is drinking has been poisoned. Farley stands by as Gladys attacks and kills Susan before succumbing to the poison.
However, Alan appears along with Richard, the doctor who treated him for his first breakdown. Alan had suspected he was being manipulated and had faked his most recent breakdown to lure out the conspiracy against him, after Alan discovered proof that Farley killed Evelyn after she refused to leave Alan for him. Farley tries to escape and in the ensuing fight, a bag of sulfur-based fertilizer falls into the nearby pool. The pool turns to acid and Farley falls in, horribly burning him. Pulling him out of the pool, Farley is arrested and Alan manages to get away with his crimes.
tags: insanity,  cult,  horror,  murder,  sadist, 

title: My Little Eye
synopsis: Five contestants, Matt (Sean Cw Johnson), Emma (Laura Regan), Charlie (Jennifer Sky), Danny (Stephen O'Reilly) and Rex (Kris Lemche), agree to take part in a reality webcast, where they must spend six months in a house to win $1 million. If anyone leaves, then no one wins the money. Nearing the end of the six months, tension between the contestants rises after Emma finds strange messages she believes are from a man from her past and the food packages arrive containing a letter that claims Danny's grandfather has died, and a gun with five bullets.
One night, a man named Travis Patterson (Bradley Cooper) arrives, claiming he is lost in the woods and that his GPS has died. Despite claiming to be an internet programmer, he claims to not recognise any of the contestants or ever having heard of the show. Later that night, Travis has sex with Charlie, and then secretly talks directly into a camera, to communicate with whoever is watching them. The next morning, Travis leaves and Danny discovers his backpack outside covered in blood and shredded to pieces. The contestants assume he was attacked by an animal but Rex believes Travis works for the people running their show and that it is all a trick to make them leave the house and forfeit the prize money.
Emma discovers her underwear among Danny’s belongings and confronts him, unaware that Travis planted them there the previous night. Danny denies it and attempts to make peace by giving her a crudely carved wooden cat, which Emma and Charlie ridicule, while Danny overhears. The next morning, the group finds Danny has committed suicide by hanging himself from the staircase balcony with a rope. The guests finally decide to leave, but after being unable to contact anyone via radio, decide to wait until the next morning. Rex uses the GPS unit from Travis' bag and his laptop to gain access to the internet to find out more about the show but is unable to find any evidence of their show online. He is only able to find a heavily encrypted beta site, that requires a $50,000 fee to access, and displays a web page with their pictures and betting odds. The group decides they will leave the next morning, though Rex and Emma go up to the roof to set off a flare. While Charlie and Matt remain in the house, Matt asks a camera if he should kill her, before suffocating her with a plastic bag.
Later, while Emma is sleeping, Rex comes downstairs and is decapitated with an axe by Matt. Matt awakens Emma and brings her up to the attic, telling her he is being chased and the others are dead. He then makes advances on Emma, who refuses, and attempts to rape her, before she stabs him in the back and runs off. Emma runs outside and finds a police officer, who handcuffs her inside the car and enters the house. An injured Matt then crawls out, begging the cop to let him kill Emma, since he spent six months in the house with her. Realizing they are working together, Emma escapes the car and tries to run but is shot in the back with a rifle by the cop. Matt and the cop sit in the kitchen discussing the setup they created with Travis for their high paying clients who want to witness the murders. When the cop says there are always five suckers to play the game with, Matt corrects him to four, and is then shot in the head. The cop then leaves, talking to Travis over the radio, while Emma is seen locked in a small room, unable to escape. As she collapses screaming, the cameras filming all shut off, one by one.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Bubba Ho-Tep
synopsis: An elderly man at The Shady Rest Retirement Home in East Texas is known to the staff as Sebastian Haff, but claims to be Elvis. He explains that during the 1970s, Elvis Presley (Bruce Campbell) grew tired of the demands of his fame and switched places with an Elvis impersonator named Sebastian Haff (also Campbell). He claims it was Haff who eventually died in 1977, while he, the real Elvis, lived in quiet, happy anonymity and made a living pretending to be himself. After a propane explosion destroyed documentation which was the only proof that he was actually Elvis, he was unable to return to his old lifestyle.
A hip injury during a performance causes him to get an infection and slip into a coma. Twenty years later and living at the retirement home as the film opens, he is contemplating his age, frailty, loss of dignity, impotence, and A growth on [his] pecker. Elvis's only friend is a black man named Jack (Ossie Davis) who insists he is President John F. Kennedy, claiming to have been dyed black after an assassination attempt, and abandoned by Lyndon Johnson in a nursing home. Initially skeptical of Jack's story, Elvis does spot a mysterious scar on the back of Jack's head. It could be from the head wound seen in the Zapruder film, but then it might not be.
Eventually, Elvis and Jack face off against a re-animated ancient Egyptian mummy that was stolen during a U.S. museum tour, and then lost during a severe storm in East Texas when the thieves' bus veered into a river near the nursing home. The mummy strangely takes on the garb of a cowboy and feeds on the souls of the residents of the home. It is dubbed 'Bubba Ho-Tep' by Elvis, who is given a telepathic flashback of the mummy's life and death when he looks into its eyes. The slow, plodding mummy is a real and credible threat, as instead of going against young adults who could potentially outrun or overpower it, the mummy gives chase to the elderly. Jack and Elvis lack mobility and need a motorized wheelchair and a walker to get around the grounds.
Elvis and Jack create an elaborate plan to destroy the mummy. Destruction of the mummy would release the trapped souls of their dead friends, and they would be able to go to their final resting place. Elvis and Jack battle the mummy in the middle of the night, with Jack in an electric wheelchair and Elvis wielding a makeshift flamethrower. Jack is knocked out of his wheelchair by the mummy and is about to have his soul sucked. Elvis hops in the wheelchair, zooms into the mummy to save Jack, and damages the flamethrower, getting a large gash in his abdomen in the process. Jack dies from a heart attack. Elvis becomes committed to getting rid of the mummy, and he throws the gasoline on him and then throws matches at him, killing the mummy.
Elvis lies on a hill near the river bank, dying from the blood loss from the gash and broken ribs. He talks in his mind about how he doesn't fear death, knowing that he still had his soul and that he saved all of the fellow people at the Shady Rest Retirement Home. As he reflects upon this, the stars align into a message for Elvis, saying: all is well. With a dying Thank you, thank you very much, Elvis passes away.
tags: comedy,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  psychedelic,  humor, 

title: Big Top Scooby-Doo!
synopsis: Scooby-Doo and the gang travel to Atlantic City, where Fred enthusiastically takes them to see The Brancusi Circus. They arrive to find that the circus does not open until tomorrow, but decide to look around when they notice that the front door is unlocked. Whilst searching, they meet a man who is pursuing a werewolf that has intruded into the circus. The werewolf attacks the gang, but is eventually scared off by Velma, using a spotlight. The man thanks the gang and introduces himself as Marius Brancusi, the ringleader. Marius inherited the circus from his uncle last year and has been working to modernize it. He informs the gang that the werewolf they had encountered has been shadowing the circus for a few months, has scared off many of his artists, and has stolen jewelry wherever they are. He even suspects that the werewolf might be one of his own artists. Velma notices that this incident alludes to a case during the 18th century, in Ingolstadt, where a werewolf named Hans collected a combination of jewels which enabled him to change into a werewolf at any time. After the gang tells Marius that they solve mysteries, Marius hires them to go undercover as circus performers.
The next morning, Marius introduces the gang to the other circus artists. Scooby and Shaggy pose as animal artists and team up with animal trainer Whitney Doubleday, who informs them that Marius plans to eliminate all the animal acts in order to modernize the circus. Velma is given a role as a human cannonball and works with strong man Archambault. Fred is given a position as a backup trapeze artist and meets the other trapeze artist, Oliverio, and his girlfriend Lena. Oliverio immediately becomes jealous of Fred when Lena begins to flirt with him. Daphne works as a motorcycle stunt artist and meets the circus clowns, Schmatko and Sisko. Sisko only communicates with a horn. Schmatko tells Daphne that he is reluctant to have this role as a clown, and says that he was once an actor in the Soviet Union. Afterwards, when Schmatko goes to get refreshments, he is abducted by the werewolf.
Later on the gang witness another robbery by the werewolf and are chased by a second werewolf wearing Schmatko's uniform. The gang escape and return to the circus to inform Marius. Despite this, Marius decides that the show must go on. Daphne fills in for Schmatko, while Fred does a tightrope act to fill in time. The shows goes very well, especially Scooby's act, although Shaggy takes credit for Scooby's performance when he tells the audience that he's Scooby's 'trainer'. Before Velma can perform her act, the two werewolves attack Shaggy and Scooby. Fred and Marius manage to drop the trapeze safety net on them, but werewolves are nowhere to be found when they search the net. In spite of the attack, the performers receive a big round of applause from the audience, who believe that the werewolves were just part of the show.
The next day, Marius shows the gang the reviews from last night's performance and comments that they are the best reviews he has ever received. In the reviews, the critics deemed Shaggy the greatest circus artist, much to the dismay of Scooby, whom the critics refer to as 'Scabby'. When Marius goes to show the rest of his artists the review, the gang find a book about the Ingolstadt werewolves in his office, causing them to suspect that Marius might be involved in the werewolf attacks, since Marius initially claimed to have no knowledge on werewolves. On the page which has the list of the jewels a werewolf needs, Velma finds that the only jewel the werewolf doesn't have is a carbonado. They confront Marius about the book, but Marius claims that the book isn't his.
When going for a lunch break, Shaggy receives numerous praises from the locals, which in turn continues to annoy Scooby so much that Shaggy bribes him with a wheelbarrow full of Scooby Snacks to prevent him from quitting. Marius informs the gang that they will be doing a private show for Wulfric von Rydingsvard, a singer from the band Wülfsmöøon which Shaggy admires. Later on, Velma finds out that a carbonado is also called a black diamond, a jewel that Wulfric owns. The gang prepare to catch the werewolf during the show, but before the show begins Archambault, Lena, and Marius go missing. During the show, the werewolves appear after Scooby's act, along with three more, each wearing the clothes of the missing artists. The werewolves manage to steal the black diamond from Wulfric and continue to chase the gang. During the chase, Shaggy pulls off one of the werewolves' fur and finds red fur underneath it, and Scooby notices that the cage which had Doubleday's baboons is empty, making them realize the werewolves were just Doubleday and his trained baboons in disguise. Shaggy uses one of Doubleday's Spanish commands to stop them. Doubleday tries to escape, but is tranquilized and caught by Archambault, who claims that he was tied up in a storage shed, but managed to break the ropes. There, they find the rest of the missing artists. Doubleday, who's still unconscious, is taken away by the police, but they are unable to find any of the stolen jewels.
The next day, the Brancusi circus packs up and prepares to leave Atlantic City. Marius thanks the gang by giving them free passes to any of the Brancusi Circus performances. Archambault bids Velma good luck in finding the 'black diamond'. Schmatko informs Daphne that he has decided to quit his job as a clown and to pursue his dream in theatre. However, after the circus train begins to depart, Velma starts to think that there is still something missing. Velma remembers that Archambault last heard that the jewel was referred to, not as a 'black diamond', but as a 'carbonado', and recounts that before Doubleday was captured, he said you won't take 'us' that easy, suggesting that he had an accomplice. She also noticed during last night's performance that the ropes around Archambault didn't look like they were broken, but cut. She also remembers that they only found the book about the Ingolstadt werewolves when Archambault knocked it off the shelf, suggesting that Archambault planted it there. With the facts added up, the gang realizes that Archambault was Doubleday's accomplice. The gang pursue the train and see Archambault attacking Marius to get to the box office money. Scooby and Shaggy manage to jump onto the train and, while there, Shaggy apologizes to Scooby for taking credit for his act. The two free the baboons to aid them in stopping Archambault, and they subdue him using the tranquilizer darts.
As Archambault is taken away by the police, Marius informs the gang that Doubleday and Archambault had worked with his uncle for years and were angry when Marius took charge and decided to modernize the circus. When Doubleday was about to get caught, Archambault double-crossed him in order to buy some time to get away with the jewels and the box office money. At the end, Wulfric arrives and thanks the gang for recovering his jewel by giving them a private performance.
tags: horror, 

title: Freaks
synopsis: The film opens with a sideshow barker drawing customers to visit the sideshow. A woman looks into a box to view a hidden occupant and screams. The barker explains that the horror in the box was once a beautiful and talented trapeze artist. The central story is of this conniving trapeze artist Cleopatra, who seduces and marries sideshow midget Hans after learning of his large inheritance. Cleopatra conspires with circus strongman Hercules to kill Hans and inherit his wealth. At their wedding reception, Cleopatra begins poisoning Hans' wine. Oblivious, the other freaks announce that they accept Cleopatra in spite of her being a normal outsider: they hold an initiation ceremony in which they pass a massive goblet of wine around the table while chanting, We accept her, we accept her. One of us, one of us. Gooba-gobble, gooba-gobble. The ceremony frightens the drunken Cleopatra, who accidentally reveals that she has been having an affair with Hercules. She mocks the freaks, tosses the wine in their faces and drives them away. The humiliated Hans realizes that he has been played for a fool and rejects Cleopatra's attempts to apologize, but then he falls ill from the poison.
While bedridden, Hans pretends to apologize to Cleopatra and also pretends to take the poisoned medicine that she is giving him, but he secretly plots with the other freaks to strike back at Cleopatra and Hercules. In the film's climax, the freaks attack the evil pair during a storm, wielding guns, knives and other sharp-edged weapons. Hercules is not seen again (the film's original ending had the freaks castrating him: the audience sees him later singing in falsetto). As for Cleopatra, she has become a grotesque, squawking human duck. The flesh of her hands has been melted and deformed to look like duck feet, her legs have been cut off and what is left of her torso has been permanently tarred and feathered. She is the opening scene's cause for alarm.
In a final scene MGM inserted later for a happier ending, Hans is living a millionaire's life in a mansion. Venus and her clown boyfriend Phroso visit, bringing Frieda, to whom Hans had been engaged before meeting Cleopatra. Hans refuses to see them, but they force their way past his servant. Frieda assures Hans that she knows he tried to stop the others from exacting revenge. Phroso and Venus leave as Frieda comforts Hans when he starts to cry.
=== Subplots ===
Interspersed between segments of the main narrative are a variety of slice of life segments detailing the lives of the sideshow performers.
The Bearded Lady, who loves the Human Skeleton, gives birth to their daughter. The news is spread among the freak friends by the Stork Woman.
Violet, a conjoined twin whose sister Daisy is married to one of the circus clowns, becomes engaged to the circus's owner. The sisters appear able to experience each other's physical sensations: Daisy appears to react with romantic arousal when Violet's fiancé kisses her, and a closed-eyed Violet knows when Daisy's shoulder has been touched. The sisters were played by the real-life conjoined twins Daisy and Violet Hilton.
In the middle of a conversation, the Human Torso lights his own cigarette, using only his mouth. In the original scene, he also rolls the cigarette.
Frances O'Connor, the armless wonder, demonstrates how she performs everyday activities using feet instead of arms.
tags: dark,  suspenseful,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sentimental, 

title: The Bermuda Depths
synopsis: On a Bermuda beach, a sleeping Magnus Dens (Leigh McCloskey) is approached by a beautiful but mysterious woman (Connie Sellecca), who seems to recognize him. In the meantime, Magnus is dreaming of his childhood, playing on the same beach, watching a turtle egg hatch with his friend Jennie. Jumping a few years later, both are playing with a grown turtle, Magnus carves J+M inside a heart on the turtle's shell while Jennie makes a cowrie shell necklace for Magnus. Follow on to young Magnus on the beach spotting Jennie riding the turtle heading out to open sea and disappearing beneath the water as he calls after her. Then jumping to his nightmare of the night his father, Lionel was knocked into the water by an unseen horror in the cave beneath the house and part of his house on a cliff crumbling down to the beach as the storm rage on.
Finally awakening and groggily gathering his things to go to town, Magnus sees a woman swimming in the ocean. He meets his childhood friend Eric (Carl Weathers) at the docks. When Eric asks him where he's been, he admits he's been drifting for a few years. Eric introduces Magnus to Dr. Paulis (Burl Ives), whom Eric is working for to finish his master's degree in marine biology. Suddenly the boat lists violently to one side and the net they pulled up has been shredded by something very large and strong.
That evening, the three men are joined by Eric's wife Doshan (Julie Woodson) for dinner at Dr. Paulis' house. He explains that he and Eric are doing teratology. Dr. Paulis calls out to Delia (Ruth Attaway) to hurry up with dinner. Magnus is intrigued by the necklace she wears, which resembles his own.
After dinner, upon not getting answers to his query about his father's death from Dr. Paulis, Magnus steps outside. He again sees the mysterious woman swimming by the boat. He jumps into the water to follow her, but he is saved from drowning and revived on the beach by the woman, whom he doesn't recognize. She returns to the ocean, telling him her name is Jennie Haniver. His description of the incident to Dr. Paulis is not taken seriously and he went off angrily. But when Delia tells him about the legend of Jennie Haniver he becomes upset.
The next morning, the police brings in Eric to examine enormous tracks on the beach. Magnus goes down to the beach and meets Jennie. Finally remembering her as his young playmate, he takes her to his father's wrecked house. He tells her some of his memories from childhood, while she describes the quadrilles her father would hold in their great hall. Then Eric calls him away to go out on a boat with Dr. Paulis. Again, the boat lurches uncontrollably forcing Eric to cut the cable to the trawling net.
In the evening, Magnus again confronts Dr. Paulis about his father's death. Paulis explains that Lionel was conducting tests regarding mutation in sea life when he was attacked and apparently eaten. Magnus asks him if he remembers the turtle from his childhood, and describes how he carved initials on the shell, for himself and Jennie. Paulis is dismayed.
Magnus awakens to Eric and Dr. Paulus arguing. Eric wants to use the Horror, a harpoon-firing bazooka. Paulis is aghast at the idea, withdraws his support for the expedition. Eric collects Magnus and heads out in the boat. After some trawling, they again find something dragging on the line. Taking a small harpoon gun, Eric dives to try to save the net. He shoots at a form he could see only vaguely. It turns out to be Jennie. Eric and Magnus resume trawling. Magnus tells Eric he had been with Jennie the night before on the beach, and how she was his friend from when he was young. Eric doesn't remember her, and dismisses her as an imaginary friend. The trawl lines finally catch the turtle, which is so large it begins to tear through the net. Eric blasts it with the Horror, and allows it to run out the line, waiting for it to resurface.
After sundown, the boat's power mysteriously gives out, the compass spins crazily. Magnus leaves the boat's cabin, finds Jennie on board the ship. She begs him to free the turtle, nebulously saying she made a promise long ago she'll forever regret.
At Doshan's insistence, Dr. Paulis boards a helicopter to fly out to the boat. Upon arriving, he observes a huge shape underwater near the boat. The turtle surfaces, swimming quickly towards the helicopter, then leaping out of the water, sending the helicopter crashing into the ocean. Upon seeing the crash, Eric rushes out onto the deck but is confronted by Jennie. To his horror, her eyes glow an eerie green, just as the turtle surfaces under the boat, capsizing it. Magnus climbs aboard the lifeboat amidst the wreckage and desperately tries to help Eric on board, but he is entangled in the line from the Horror. The turtle surfaces, its eyes glowing exactly like Jennie's, before it dives down into the depths, dragging Eric helplessly behind.
Jennie approaches an unconscious Magnus lying face flat on the beach, sadly kisses him, then returns to the ocean for the last time.
Doshan approaches Magnus in the graveyard where his parents are buried and expresses her horror at the losses of her husband and Dr. Paulis. Magnus tells her he is leaving Bermuda and wants nothing to do with the sea ever again. He walks away without noticing the statue of Jennie and the inscription Jennie Haniver, 1701-, Lost at Sea on her gravestone
On the ferry leaving Bermuda, Magnus removes the necklace Jennie had given him and sadly throws it into the sea. It sinks past the giant turtle, which is shown to have the initials Magnus inscribed on its shell so many years ago.
tags: paranormal,  horror, 

title: Banshee
synopsis: Sage Ryan, daughter of a demised garage owner, is a professional car thief. The police know her, but have always failed to convict her. Due to her aptitude to elude police she is notorious known as The Banshee.
One day everything changes when she steals a distinct vintage car (a 66 Dodge Charger) right before a date. Lacking in concentration, she drops her ID card at the crime scene and doesn't even realize the loss.
After she has delivered the car to her fencer she returns home only to find a threatening letter. The owner of the stolen car has kidnapped her lover and demands his car back.
Sage brings the car back to the parking area where she stole it and hopes that her lover will be released in exchange. Instead, she finds in her flat two police officers and her lover's corpse.
The police consider her the number one suspect and try to arrest her. She barely escapes and starts an investigation of her own. Hunted by police and by her furious fencer, she tracks down the murderer, who turns out to be a serial killer.
He has captured and is about to kill Sage's friend Brenna. She manages to save Brenna, only for the two to suddenly have to run for their lives.
tags: horror, 

title: Night of the Demons 2
synopsis: Six years have passed since the events at Hull House on Halloween, and many of the bodies left at Hull House were recovered except for Angela's; rumor persists she descended bodily into Hell. As it turns out, her parents committed suicide five years later after receiving a Halloween card with Angela's signature. A year later her sister Melissa, nicknamed 'Mouse' (Merle Kennedy), is now staying at St. Rita's Academy, a Catholic boarding school for troubled teenagers. She frequently has nightmares about her sister. Rumors spread around the school regarding Mouse, started by the school bully, Shirley (Zoe Trilling). However, the head nun at the school, Sister Gloria (Jennifer Rhodes), tries to put an end to it.
However, Shirley, after getting banned from the school Halloween dance for wrestling on the tennis courts with Kurt (Ladd York) decides to have her own Halloween party at Hull House complete with Mouse and some ritual sacrifice she learns from stealing a demonic ritual book from the school brain, Perry (Robert Jayne). Along with her boyfriend Rick (Rick Peters) and Z-Boy (Darin Heames), she tricks Johnny (Johnny Moran), Johnny's girlfriend, Bibi (Cristi Harris), and Bibi's friend Terri (Christine Taylor) to get Mouse to go with them to Hull House, awakening a now demonized Angela. After some bizarre incidents, the group flees the house, minus Z-Boy, who is possessed and raped by Angela in the attic.
Bibi brings a tube of lipstick out of the house which takes on a hellish life of its own. It quickly possesses Shirley and, one by one, the teenagers are possessed and/or murdered by demonic Angela. Her plan is to sacrifice Mouse to the Devil to prove her devotion to him. Sister Gloria, Johnny, Bibi, Father Bob (Rod McCary) and Perry return to Hull House in an attempt to rescue Melissa. Once arriving at the house, the five become separated and Father Bob is quickly killed by the demonic Rick. Johnny is saved by Perry from the demonic Kurt. Unfortunately, Perry is killed by Z-Boy. With the holy water the group brought, Bibi, Johnny and Sister Gloria kill the remaining demons, except for Angela.
After finishing off the demons, the three survivors find Melissa sleeping on an altar. Angela and Sister Gloria debate on what true faith is with Angela stating Real faith can move mountains, your faith can't even move a mouse. Angela then decapitates Sister Gloria but the sister actually pulls her head down into her habit and survives. With one last ruse to save Melissa and the others, Sister Gloria agrees to take her place on the altar. Angela then hands the sword to Melissa, promising her a great source of power if she kills Sister Gloria. However, Melissa turns the tables and stabs Angela instead. Sister Gloria finishes Angela off with a super soaker filled with holy water. As the four try to leave, they are confronted again by Angela, who has taken the form of a Lamia. Angela attacks them but Johnny manages to kick a hole in the wall in the shape of a cross. The cross-shaped-sunlight falls upon Angela and she explodes. With Angela and her minions dead, Sister Gloria, Melissa, Bibi and Johnny leave the house and return to the school where they are greeted by everyone there. But before the film ends, one student is then seen finding the demonic lipstick which turns into a snake and attacks her.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  entertaining,  sadist,  prank, 

title: The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
synopsis: From the listless repose of the place, and the peculiar character of its inhabitants, who are descendants from the original Dutch settlers, this sequestered glen has long been known by name of Sleepy Hollow ... A drowsy, dreamy influence seems to hang over the land, and to pervade the very atmosphere.
The story is set in 1790 in the countryside around the Dutch settlement of Tarry Town (historical Tarrytown, New York), in a secluded glen called Sleepy Hollow. Sleepy Hollow is renowned for its ghosts and the haunting atmosphere that pervades the imaginations of its inhabitants and visitors. Some residents say this town was bewitched during the early days of the Dutch settlement. Other residents say an old Native American chief, the wizard of his tribe, held his powwows here before the country was discovered by Master Hendrick Hudson. The most infamous spectre in the Hollow is the Headless Horseman, said to be the ghost of a Hessian trooper that had his head shot off by a stray cannonball during some nameless battle of the American Revolutionary War, and who rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head.
The Legend relates the tale of Ichabod Crane, a lean, lanky and extremely superstitious schoolmaster from Connecticut, who competes with Abraham Brom Bones Van Brunt, the town rowdy, for the hand of 18-year-old Katrina Van Tassel, the daughter and sole child of a wealthy farmer, Baltus Van Tassel. Crane, a Yankee and an outsider, sees marriage to Katrina as a means of procuring Van Tassel's extravagant wealth. Bones, the local hero, vies with Ichabod for Katrina's hand, playing a series of pranks on the jittery schoolmaster, and the fate of Sleepy Hollow's fortune weighs in the balance for some time. The tension between the three is soon brought to a head. On a placid autumn night, the ambitious Crane attends a harvest party at the Van Tassels' homestead. He dances, partakes in the feast, and listens to ghostly legends told by Brom and the locals, but his true aim is to propose to Katrina after the guests leave. His intentions, however, are ill-fated.
After having failed to secure Katrina's hand, Ichabod rides home heavy-hearted and crestfallen through the woods between Van Tassel's farmstead and the Sleepy Hollow settlement. As he passes several purportedly haunted spots, his active imagination is engorged by the ghost stories told at Baltus' harvest party. After nervously passing under a lightning-stricken tulip tree purportedly haunted by the ghost of British spy Major André, Ichabod encounters a cloaked rider at an intersection in a menacing swamp. Unsettled by his fellow traveler's eerie size and silence, the teacher is horrified to discover that his companion's head is not on his shoulders, but on his saddle. In a frenzied race to the bridge adjacent to the Old Dutch Burying Ground, where the Hessian is said to vanish, according to rule, in a flash of fire and brimstone upon crossing it, Ichabod rides for his life, desperately goading his temperamental plow horse down the Hollow. However, to Crane's horror, the ghoul clambers over the bridge, rears his horse, and hurls his severed head into Ichabod's terrified face.
The next morning, Ichabod has mysteriously disappeared from town, leaving Katrina to marry Brom Bones, who was said to look exceedingly knowing whenever the story of Ichabod was related. Indeed, the only relics of the schoolmaster's flight are his wandering horse, trampled saddle, discarded hat, and a mysterious shattered pumpkin. Although the nature of the Headless Horseman is left open to interpretation, the story implies that the ghost was really Brom (an agile stunt rider) in disguise. Irving's narrator concludes, however, by stating that the old Dutch wives continue to promote the belief that Ichabod was spirited away by supernatural means, and a legend develops around his disappearance and sightings of his melancholy spirit.
tags: psychedelic,  horror,  storytelling,  romantic, 

title: Shi mian mai fu
synopsis: In AD 859, as the Tang Dynasty declines, a number of rebel groups are established, the largest of which is the House of Flying Daggers, based in Fengtian, who battle the corrupt government that oppresses the people. Its members steal from the rich and give to the poor, gaining the support of the locals. Two police officers, Leo (Andy Lau) and Jin (Takeshi Kaneshiro) - who are best friends - are ordered to kill the leader of the group within ten days, a task that appears to be impossible as no-one knows who the leader of the House of the Flying Daggers is.
To accomplish this, Leo arrests Mei (Zhang Ziyi), a blind dancer who is suspected of being the previous leader's daughter. Jin proceeds to assault the jail and set Mei free, pretending that he is a rebel sympathizer, an act which gains Mei's trust. As Mei and Jin travel to the Flying Dagger headquarters, Leo trails behind with reinforcements. Unfortunately, Mei and Jin fall in love.
To make the deception more realistic, Leo and his men pretend to ambush the pair. Later, though, they are ambushed for real by a different group. At a secret meeting, Leo explains that the military has gotten involved and wants Jin and Mei dead. A few days later, Jin and Mei are ambushed again, but they are saved by the House of Flying Daggers and taken to their headquarters. At this point, it is revealed that Mei isn't really blind, and furthermore, that she is engaged to Leo, who has secretly been a Flying Dagger member. The Flying Daggers are not afraid of the military, but rather, they are looking forward to an open battle. A heartbroken Leo tells Mei that he waited for her for three years since he went undercover to infiltrate the police, and asks how she could fall in love with Jin after only three days; only to be informed by Mei that she has her heart set on Jin.
Mei, however, cannot bring herself to love Leo, since she now loves Jin. Leo tries to rape Mei but Mei's superior throws a dagger into Leo's back. Shortly after, Mei is told to execute Jin for being a police officer. She frees him instead, but refuses to desert the House so that she could join him. Half an hour later, Mei suddenly changes her mind and rides after Jin, but is ambushed by Leo, who casts two daggers at her. Mei tosses her sword, managing to deflect one of them while the other pierces her breast. At this point, Jin discovers Leo and the two of them fight, but their skills are too evenly matched with neither gaining an advantage as they bloodily battle one another over the course of a raging blizzard that suddenly falls upon them. Meanwhile, the House gets assaulted by the military.
Finally, Leo pulls the dagger out of his back and threatens to throw it at Jin. Mei threatens to pull the dagger out of her breast and throw it at Leo, which would cause her to die from blood loss, but Jin begs her to protect her own life. After waiting for several tense moments, Leo, feeling suicidal, decides to pretend to throw his dagger and be killed. To his great surprise, Mei attempts to use her own dagger to intercept Leo's dagger in flight. The result of all this is that neither Leo nor Jin die, but only Mei. In the end, Leo stumbles away in guilt while Jin cries over Mei's dead body, singing a song praising her as a rare beauty, the likes of which he will never see again. The question of whether the House won against the military is left ambiguous.
tags: fantasy,  murder,  violence,  horror,  magical realism,  plot twist,  psychedelic,  action,  romantic,  tragedy,  revenge, 

title: Mindwarp
synopsis: As with the other serials from Season 23, Mindwarp's present is the trial of the Doctor by the Valeyard, accusing him of meddling in other species' affairs, in a way unbecoming of a Time Lord. The Valeyard provides evidence to the Inquisitor and presiding through a screen linked to the Matrix, showing the details of the Doctor's actions on the planet Thoros Beta. The bulk of the episode centres on recorded narrative.
As shown by the video, the Doctor and Peri arrive on Thoros Beta, the Doctor's curiosity piqued on the availability of advanced weaponry by the Warlords of Thordon. As they explore a cave system, the Doctor discovers Sil, an arms dealer for the Mentors that are supplying the weapons. Exploring further, they find that the scientist Crozier in Sil's employ is attempting to perfect the ability to transplant the brilliant mind of Kiv, Sil's superior, into another body to overcome Kiv's pending death. When discovered, the two make their escape with the warlord King Yrcanos, one of Crozier's test subjects.
The Doctor, Peri, Yrcanos and his men plan an attack on Sil, but the Doctor betrays by abandoning them at the last minute and warns the Mentors, causing Peri and Yrcanos to flee in different directions. Peri happens across one of the Mentors' servant woman, and with her help, disguises herself to get close to the Doctor. The Doctor reveals Peri to the Mentors and requests he be allowed to interrogate her alone, a request Sil allows. Away from the others, the Doctor tells Peri his betrayal was all a ploy to learn more of Sil's plan, and has discovered that they will transplant Kiv's mind into his body if he does not cooperate.
Crozier interrupts the interrogation, believing he can extract more information from Peri, but then Yrcanos arrives, ready to kill the Doctor. Peri stops Yrcanos, and together they escape, regrouping with Yrcanos' men. As Kiv's body is dying, Crozier is forced to transplant his brain with the Doctor's help into the body of one of the Mentors' servants, keeping the mind alive but affected by the simple thoughts of the former consciousness. Yrcanos, Peri, and his men launch another attack, this time on a weapons stash, but are stunned and captured. Sil and Crozier decide to use Peri as a more suitable body for Kiv's brain, despite the Doctor's objections. As the operation is being prepared, the Doctor sneaks away and frees Yrcanos, urging him on for Peri's safety.
Peri is strapped down and gagged as the operation is prepared and Crozier gives the order for her head to be shaven. The Doctor attempts to return to save her but is suddenly drawn hypnotically into the TARDIS, which appears in the hallway; it is later revealed that he travelled directly to this trial from that point. Despite the Doctor claiming that the Time Lords' interference has put Peri's life in danger, the Valeyard rebuffs this, stating that the Doctor shouldn't have become involved in the first place, and Peri's life is the cost of his involvement. Events on Thoros Beta continue after the Doctor's removal, as it is shown that Ycranos was placed in a time bubble by the Time Lords to hold his arrival back at the lab until after Kiv's mind was successfully transplanted into Peri; when Ycranos is freed of the bubble, he is distraught at the results of the operation, and fires wildly, killing Peri. The Valeyard insists that the interference of the Time Lords was to prevent a greater disaster befalling the universe due to the mistakes in the Doctor's actions. The Doctor insists that the present trial appears to be serving a greater cause, and resolves to determine what it is as the trial continues.
=== Continuity ===
Sil appeared in the previous season in the serial Vengeance on Varos. Before the Trial season was conceived, Sil was set to return in story called Mission to Magnus. Over 20 years later, Nabil Shaban returned to help resurrect this story for Big Finish Productions' Mission to Magnus audio adaptation.
The Doctor meets Peri again in two spin off stories. She features in the Virgin New Adventures novel Bad Therapy by Matt Jones. A post-Mindwarp hallucination of Peri appears in the Big Finish Productions play Her Final Flight. The relationship of spin off media to the television series is open to interpretation by the individual.
tags: violence,  cult,  horror,  murder,  plot twist, 

title: Nightlight
synopsis: The film opens with a voyeur taking pictures of an unknown woman dressing up. He later sets her house on fire while she lies unconscious in the room.
Celeste Timmerman is a woman with a successful career, an attractive boyfriend named Brent, and a good friend she can trust with all of her secrets. Lately, she has done nothing but fight with Brent, and she decides she wants to move out. Although Brent is reluctant about her moving out, Celeste buys a new apartment. Soon an unknown man begins to stalk her repeatedly by telephone. The caller says he can see her. Celeste asks her best friend Tasha for help, and Tasha suggests that Celeste block his phone calls. Meanwhile, Brent is mad over Celeste leaving and starts trying to reach her constantly. Celeste thinks he is the stalker, but Tasha tells her he couldn't be. What Celeste doesn't know is that Tasha is meeting Brent secretly, and is trying to seduce him. He is only interested in Celeste, however, and wants to protect her against the stalker.
Celeste is unable to block the stalker's calls, and he becomes angry with her ignoring him. He warns her not to block his calls, not to call the police, and not to have a boyfriend. He threatens to punish her if she disobeys. Celeste ignores his warnings and contacts a detective. She also purchases a telescope to attempt to find the stalker herself. However, the stalker knows Celeste contacted the police, and calls to inform her that she will be punished. Later, returning home, Celeste finds that her curtains have been removed, and she has a voicemail message from the stalker saying that he could be anywhere in her house. Afraid, Celeste immediately leaves the apartment and contacts the police. However, her house boss later tells her that he took the curtains down because they weren't functioning correctly.
One night, Celeste receives another phone call and tries to locate the stalker while he is talking. Believing she has found him, she contacts her house boss. He tells her that what is happening to her also happened to a woman named Justine Jamison, who vanished one day and was never heard from again. Celeste trusts her hotel guard, Derreck, with her suspicions about the stalker's identity, and he reluctantly sneaks her into her suspect's apartment. She finds out that a man named David Jacobson lives there. Later, two investigators, Detective Gillis and Detective Zamora, pay David a visit and find pictures secretly taken from Celeste. Although David swears he has never seen the pictures, he is taken to the police station.
Celeste reunites with Brent, but she receives another threatening call from the stalker ordering her to get rid of Brent. The stalker says he will get rid of Brent if she doesn't. Celeste's fear returns as she realizes that David can't be the caller, because he is in jail. She tries to contact Justine Jamison, the previous stalking victim, but is unable to reach her. Returning home, Celeste realizes her pet bird is missing.
Later, as she discovers that the stalker has put cameras in her house, Celeste is interrupted with a phone call from Justine. They meet and she tells Celeste that the stalker killed her fiancee. Not much later, the stalker also threatens to kill Brent. In addition, he sends a video message of Celeste's bird, threatening to kill and eat the pet.
In the climactic scene, Derreck leads Celeste to the basement, telling her it is the stalker's hiding place. The stalker is then revealed to be Derreck. Brent, who has also come to the basement, gets into a fight with Derreck. Celeste intervenes just as Derreck is about to kill Brent by hitting the stalker in the head with a pole. The police arrest Derreck. Celeste and Brent are finally set free.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Scooby-Doo! WrestleMania Mystery
synopsis: Scooby-Doo and Shaggy win an all-expenses-paid stay at WWE City to watch WrestleMania after beating the hardest level of the organization's latest video game. At the insistence of the duo, Fred, Daphne, and Velma agree to join them on the trip to WWE City. Upon their arrival, the Mystery Machine crashes on a ditch after Fred narrowly avoids a crossing raccoon. The gang meets John Cena, his trainer Cookie, and Cookie's nephew, Ruben, before Cena lifts the Mystery Machine back on the road. They also encounter Bayard, a hunter who despises WWE for building their city in his forest. Cena gives the gang VIP tickets to the next event to make up for their altercation with Bayard.
At the show, Mr. McMahon unveils the WWE Championship belt, which has been held vacant since Kane's last match was overturned. The title is up for grabs over the weekend at WrestleMania. The gang is then offered a tour of WWE's training camp before arriving at their cabins. Later that night, Daphne and Velma overhear Ruben arguing with Cookie over not becoming a WWE wrestler because of Cookie's leg injury. Meanwhile, Scooby has a dream about wrestling giant food monsters when Shaggy wakes him up and they both encounter a monster called the Ghost Bear before running for their lives. The WWE wrestlers intervene during the chase, but Triple H and Brodus Clay are overpowered by the monster, which disappears after throwing Sin Cara's hot rod toward a water tower. The next morning, the gang is briefed by WWE executive Ms. Richards that the city has been terrorized by bear attacks over the past few weeks. Mr. McMahon asks the gang to solve the Ghost Bear mystery to ensure the security of the WWE belt. Cena and Sin Cara explain to the gang that the legend of the Ghost Bear started over 100 years ago with a wrestling bear named Vicious, who was defeated by Sin Cara's great-great-great grandfather Sin Cara Grande at the grounds that would be WWE City. Furious over its loss, Vicious vented its frustration on the town until Sin Cara Grande warded it off to a cave at the cost of a career-ending leg injury. It is believed by Sin Cara that the spirit of the bear has been stirred by WrestleMania.
Next morning, the gang is notified by Ms. Richards that the WWE belt has been stolen, and Scooby is arrested after being caught with it around his waist, with security footage showing him caught in the act. Velma, however, proves Scooby's innocence by showing that he was in a deep state of hypnosis when he stole the belt. Ruben then deduces that the WWE video game contains light flashes that implanted post-hypnotic suggestions to Scooby's brain. Mr. McMahon offers Scooby and Shaggy a chance at freedom if they defeat Kane at WrestleMania. The duo receive a crash course training from Cookie and AJ Lee. That night, the gang and Cena wander along the forest until they reach the bear cave. Inside, they discover a room with books on hypnotism, schematics of an EMP device, and a calendar indicating that the culprit plans to target WrestleMania. Suddenly, the Ghost Bear appears and chases the gang through a storm drain. They escape after Cena slams the Ghost Bear away from them before realizing that the storm drain is directly underneath WWE City. After the gang gives Ms. Richards details on their encounter with the Ghost Bear, Cookie advises that WrestleMania should be cancelled, much to Ms. Richards' disapproval. Fred suggests that the gang uses WrestleMania to nab the Ghost Bear.
During the main event, Velma deduces that the WWE belt is the EMP device. After the gang discovers that the belt is a fake and the EMP device is set to go off in 30 seconds, Cena tries to get rid of it, but it activates and shuts off the underground power generator. When the Ghost Bear appears and wreaks havoc all over the arena, the WWE wrestlers ignite green pyrotechnics to light up the stage while Scooby uses his dance moves to throw Kane off guard. The Ghost Bear arrives at ringside, but is confronted by Ruben in his wrestling attire before both combatants are launched into the ring by a floor catapult. The ring is then enclosed inside a steel cage before Cena, Sin Cara, Kane, and Ruben pin down the monster for Scooby to land a belly bomb off the top rope, leveling the ring in the process. The Ghost Bear is revealed to be Cookie, who resented WWE due to his injury ending his career too soon and plotted the perfect crime to steal the title belt using Scooby as a pawn and tarnish the organization's reputation. As Cookie is taken away by the police and Ms. Richards (who is now displeased that she was wrong about Scooby stealing the belt), Mr. McMahon offers Ruben a spot on the WWE roster before awarding the WWE belt to Scooby and Shaggy.
tags: horror, 

title: El techo de cristal
synopsis: Martha is an attractive housewife living in a small rural apartment house in the outskirt of Madrid. Her husband, Carlos, leaves frequently on business trips so Martha spends most of her time alone with her pet cat, Fedra, as her only companion. While Carlos is away, Martha hears heavy footsteps in the apartment above her. Her sexy upstairs neighbor, Julia, is in a similar situation. Victor, Julia's husband, happens to be away this time as well. After overhearing a few things, Martha, already prone to fantasizing away her boredom and loneliness, begins to suspect that Julia has killed her sick husband. Julia claims that Victor left for business reasons. Martha does not believe her and begins to investigate. She soon discovers that nobody has seen Julia's husband leaving town which seems to confirm Martha's theory. Adding to Martha's suspicions, Julia keeps asking to put stuff in her fridge, even though her own refrigerator is clearly working. On top of this, someone is secretly feeding something to the landlord's dogs. When Rita, Matha's close friend, stops for a visit with her young daughter, Yolanda, Martha tells her that she thinks Julia has a lover and that they both had killed Victor. Unfortunately the imprudent Yolanda tells Julia that Martha said that she had a lover.
The building's landlord, Ricardo, a sculptor and artist, who lives downstairs, works in his sculptures and pottery when he is not fussing over his dogs and pigs. He has picked the interest of Rosa, the young daughter of a farmer, who delivers milk there every morning to the various tenants. Though Ricardo does not discourage Rosa's attentions (even accepting to be fed – and playfully sprayed in – milk by her directly from a cow's teat), Ricardo finds himself being drawn to Martha instead. Pedro, a grocery delivery man, also seems to have a thing for Martha and may be having an affair with Julia. When Martha firmly rebuffs Pedro's advances, Pedro threatens her. Meanwhile, someone is spying on and taking provocative pictures of all three of the women. Ricardo takes Martha horse-riding in order to alleviate her ennui.
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: The Perfect Host: A Southern Gothic Tale
synopsis: Fugitive John Taylor flees an initially unspecified crime, with a wounded foot. Flashbacks and news reports reveal he robbed a bank in collusion with his girlfriend Simone, who was a teller in the bank. He stops in a convenience store for some disinfectant, just moments before it is robbed; he manages to turn the tables on the robber, but she gets away with his wallet. The store's TV identifies John and his car, so he quickly ditches it, proceeding on foot into an expensive neighborhood. With a sob story about being mugged, he gains entry to the house of Warwick Wilson. John poses as a friend of one of Warwick's friends after he found a postcard in the mailbox outside from a woman named Julia. Warwick is preparing a dinner party. John makes small talk and drinks red wine while trying to figure out his next move and how to keep his lies from being found out. When the radio news makes an announcement about John, he angrily shushes Warwick, revealing himself. John threatens to kill Warwick if he doesn't cooperate and forces him to call his guests to cancel. Suddenly, John keels over; the wine has been drugged, and Warwick is not the person he seems to be.
When John bounces back, he finds himself tied to a chair, and the party is in full swing—but all the guests Warwick is interacting with are figments of Warwick's imagination. Warwick takes a Polaroid of John and reveals a scrapbook of his past dinner parties, each with a murder victim and a timeline of things Warwick is going to do to him. As the night wears on, John is further terrorized, drugged, and incapacitated, learning various things about Warwick's strange lifestyle. A neighbour of Warwick, a prying old lady (whom John also tried to trick into letting him into her house earlier) hears John moaning and goes over to investigate. Warwick is able to trick her into leaving, blaming a drunk dinner guest for the noise. John also discovers that Julia is yet another figment of Warwick's imagination when he sees Warwick writing a postcard to himself from Julia.
Later, John and Warwick play chess, with the prize being John's freedom; John, who is an excellent player, wins. Warwick lets John go as agreed, but taunts him before he can leave, calling him worthless and secondary. John takes the tantō (Japanese sword) on display in Warwick's living room and stabs him with it, but it proves to be a collapsible prop knife, and so Warwick knocks John out. When he once more regains consciousness, they are in Warwick's bathroom, and Warwick seemingly slits John's throat.
John's body is left outside with the trash. He wakes up and discovers that most of his injuries are fake; Warwick is a master of movie makeup. L.A.P.D. Detective Morton (Nathaniel Parker) arrives at Warwick's door – Warwick is actually a police lieutenant, who is working on John's robbery. Meanwhile, John becomes suspicious of girlfriend Simone and discovers she made alternative travel arrangements out of Los Angeles that don't include him. John locates Simone in a parking garage, taking her switch car and the money, leaving her to be captured by the detectives. Warwick stops John from leaving and blackmails him for the money, leaving him with only a couple thousand to get past the Mexican border.
A couple of months later, Detective Morton receives a letter from Mexico – it's a Polaroid from the dinner party of Warwick and John together. A suspicious Morton confronts Warwick, who blows it off; but, when Morton persists, Warwick invites Morton to a dinner party and asks what type of wine he would like. Warwick then walks out of the office - along with his imaginary friends - with a smirk on his face.
tags: suspenseful,  horror,  gothic,  haunting,  romantic, 

title: Slither
synopsis: A meteorite housing a malevolent, sentient extraterrestrial parasite crashes into the town of Wheelsy, South Carolina. While frolicking in the woods with Brenda, local car dealer Grant finds the parasite and is infected by it. The parasite takes over his body and absorbs his consciousness and memories. With the alien now in control of his body, Grant begins to slowly change into a tentacled, slug-like monster.
Many pets soon disappear, but Grant is not suspected. However, his wife Starla begins to question his health; he explains the initial changes in his appearance as an allergic reaction to a bee sting, saying that a doctor has already given him something for it, but Starla soon learns this is a lie. Starla contacts the police chief Bill Pardy – her childhood crush – who attempts to reassure and comfort her while not acting on his feelings.
Grant infects the lonely and neglected Brenda with hundreds of his offspring. He hides her in an isolated barn where she becomes massively obese as baby alien slugs grow inside her. Bill leads a small group of officers on a hunt for Grant; they find Brenda in time to see her explode, releasing hundreds of the alien slugs. Most of Bill's group are infected by the slugs and become Grant's puppets, speaking as if they were Grant and obsessed with bringing Starla home and holding her to her wedding vows.
Everyone in town is quickly eaten by others infected with Grant's offspring, or absorbed into Grant's hive mind except Starla, Bill, mayor Jack MacReady, and a teenage girl, Kylie, who had escaped from her family that were also infected by the parasites. She tells them of how she saw the slug's memories; it moves from planet to planet, eating or absorbing all life it finds there. The parasite's consciousness, however, is influenced by the real Grant's memories and his love for his wife, Starla.
The survivors try to escape detection and kill Grant. The townspeople attack their vehicle, capturing Starla and Jack. Bill and Kylie track Starla to her home, and find that the infected are melding into one giant creature. They must risk their lives to stop the infestation from spreading any further. Jack awakens in the house's basement, where several of the infected are eating; he tries to escape but becomes infected by Grant as he reaches the top of the stairs and opens the door. Starla charms the monster by calling him Grant and telling him they can be together, but as they get close to each other, she pulls a hairbrush handle from her underwear and stabs him in the chest with the pointed handle. He slaps her with a tentacle and knocks her across the room.
Bill arrives; Jack begs to be killed, and Bill shoots him in the head. He tries to kill the monster with a grenade, but another tentacle knocks the grenade into the pool, where it detonates. The monster sends two tentacles to stab Bill and infect him the same way he infected Brenda; one is lodged in his abdomen, but Bill attaches the other to a small propane tank, filling Grant with gas, and Starla shoots the monster, causing it to explode, whereupon all the infected die. The three survivors walk away to find a hospital for Bill.
In a post-credits scene, a cat approaches to feed off Grant's remains and is infected.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  entertaining, 

title: Nude per l'assassino
synopsis: After a fashion model dies while undergoing an illegal abortion, the attending doctor moves her body back to her home, staging her death to remove any trace of his involvement. However, he is murdered by a stranger disguised in racing leathers and a motorcycle helmet. At the Albatross Modelling Agency, womanising photographer Carlo (Nino Castelnuovo) embarks on an affair with fellow photographer Magda (Edwige Fenech). Meanwhile, a newly hired model, Patrizia (Solvi Stubing), fends off the unwanted advances of Maurizio (Franco Diogene), whose wife owns the agency. One evening, Mario (Claudio Pellegrini), who also works at the agency, invites a woman in racing leathers into his home for a drink, and is stabbed to death. The police question the agency's owner Gisella (Lia Amanda) and another model, Lucia (Femi Benussi) about the killing, but learn very little. Gisella and Lucia are sleeping together; one night when Gisella leaves after a fight, Lucia is attacked and killed.
Maurizio propositions another model, Doris (Erna Schürer), but when she refuses to sleep with him for money, he attempts to rape her. However, he suffers from premature ejaculation and Doris leaves unharmed. Shortly afterwards, Maurizio is stabbed by the killer. Carlo later witnesses Gisella being murdered, and is able to photograph the attack; however, he runs off and is injured in a hit and run accident. While he is in hospital, Magda recovers his camera and attempts to develop the film, but the killer breaks in and destroys the negatives. Carlo hurries home, but the killer has gone—going instead to kill Doris and her abusive boyfriend Stefano. Carlo finds Madga alive, but the killer returns to attack them both. During the struggle, the killer is knocked down a flight of stairs. The killer is unmasked and revealed to be Patrizia, who accuses Carlo of causing the death of her sister—the girl who died in the botched abortion, and whose death it is revealed Carlo helped to conceal. However, Patrizia dies of her injuries, leaving no trace of Carlo's involvement.
tags: pornographic,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence, 

title: Don't Look Under the Bed
synopsis: Frances McCausland (Erin Chambers), an intelligent and level-headed girl, is starting high school a year early. Strange things have been going on in her town of Middleberg: dogs appearing on people's roofs, alarm clocks going off hours early, eggs all over a teacher's car, gelatin in the school swimming pool, and B's spray-painted all over town. The B's also appear on the school lockers—except for Frances', which has a B on the inside. These pranks seem to point to Frances, who does not understand what is happening or why. An older boy named Larry Houdini (Eric Ty Hodges II) offers to help Frances, telling her that he is an imaginary friend, which is proven true as children are the only other people who can see him. Larry tells Frances that she is being framed by the Boogeyman. Frances has a difficult time believing this, because she has tried to look at the world like an adult, using logic and facts to explain everything, since her little brother, Darwin, almost died from leukemia a few years before.
The Boogeyman causes a blackout, foreshadowed by the B's he spray-painted; however, the McCausland home is unaffected, with all its Christmas lights remaining on. Frances then loses her friendship with her best friend Joanne, makes a fool out of herself trying to convince others that Larry exists, and causes her family to question her sanity. At her wits end, Frances checks out The Boogey Book from the library for Larry, who decides to build a tetra-fuse detailed in the book which will age the Boogeyman into a harmless old geezer. Frances later learns Larry was Darwin's imaginary friend, who still cares about him, but Frances convinced Darwin to grow up and stop believing in him. Larry also cooks up Boogey Goo to use as bait and finds it delicious, which scares Frances. She looks for Boogeyman origins in the book, learning that a Boogeyman is created when the creator of an imaginary friend stops believing too soon.
Having accidentally stepped in Boogey Goo, Darwin attracts the Boogeyman and gets kidnapped while sitting in Frances' room. Frances and Larry follow him to the Boogeyworld dimension, which exists underneath Frances' bed. During the skirmish, Larry turns into a Boogeyman due to Darwin's lack of belief in him, while the other Boogeyman drags Darwin towards a cliff. However, Frances convinces Darwin to believe in Larry again, reverting him to normal. After using the tetra-fuse on the Boogeyman, Frances realizes it is her old imaginary friend, Zoe. Frances stopped believing in her when Darwin fell ill, deciding it was time to grow up. Frances proves she still cares about Zoe, holding her hand and causing her to revert to normal. Frances and Darwin return to the real world, where her parents reveal the same antics that occurred in Middleburg are occurring in another city. Larry reveals that the guy in his head just ordered him to go take care of the other Boogeyman; Zoe offers to assist as she was rather inexperienced as a Boogeyman and was thus easy to fight.
Frances is distraught as it was not easy for her to believe in them again. Before Larry and Zoe leave, Larry kisses Frances as a way of showing her that childhood was great, but so is adulthood if she keeps a sense of wonder. He then turns on the Christmas lights outside, allowing him and Zoe to leave. That night, Darwin is scared and is sent to Frances by Larry; she allows him to sleep with her. Larry and Zoe watch this with smiles.
tags: horror,  prank, 

title: Dream Boy
synopsis: Fifteen-year-old Nathan Davies (Stephan Bender) moves to St. Francisville, Louisiana, a small Southern town with his parents (Thomas Jay Ryan and Diana Scarwid) and starts to befriend the older boy next door, Roy (Maximillian Roeg), fellow high school student and bus driver, who is in a relationship with Evelyn (Rooney Mara). Nathan and Roy start to develop their relationship by helping each other with school work at Nathan's house. While Roy is teaching Nathan how to solve an Algebra problem, Nathan touches his hand. Roy pulls away at first, but then takes hold of Nathan's hand.
After they finish their work, the boys go for a walk in the woods, finding an old cemetery, where they stop and start kissing. They undress down to everything but socks and underwear, and lay in an embrace together. The relationship between Nathan and his father is revealed to be a little strange and full of tension. One morning Roy pulls the bus into a part in the woods and they kiss and Nathan touches Roy. Roy asks if Nathan has ever done this with anyone before, and he promises he never has. Roy takes Nathan swimming with Burke and Randy, but Nathan admits he can't swim. While watching Roy, Burke threatens to throw him in the water, but Roy stops him. While Roy is driving them home, he pulls onto the side of the road and they start kissing. When Nathan starts to have sex with Roy, Roy angrily stops him, asking who taught [him] to screw like that. Nathan swears no one.
When Nathan gets home that night, his father wants to know if he had a good time. Nathan is on the brink of tears as he answers his father. He ties a string up to his dresser drawer and bedpost, tucks his pillows under his sheets, and moves to the floor to sleep. In the night he hears a thud and runs from his room, because it was his father sneaking in. It is later revealed that his father had touched him in the past inappropriately. Nathan sleeps outside and doesn't come home. He does for meals but returns to his tree outside after.
Roy finds him and offers him a place to sleep in his family's barn. The next morning, Nathan goes home for breakfast and his father catches him, yelling at him to not run from him, but Nathan's mother interrupts and he runs to the school bus. Later, Roy tells Nathan they're going camping with Burke and Randy that weekend. That night, Roy tells ghost stories around the campfire, and in their tent, Nathan gives Roy a blowjob, and Roy asks him if he minds when Roy doesn't do those things back to him, and Nathan says he doesn't mind. Hiking through the woods, the boys find an old plantation house. They go inside to investigate, and Nathan hears a voice call his name, resembling his father's. They then find cloth with what looks like to be blood on it, and they smell sulfur (which Nathan says is the smell of the Devil), and the boys see a shadow move up the stairs.
Burke takes the flashlight from Roy and goes to investigate with Randy. Roy and Nathan go into a bedroom and talk, and Nathan says he feels as if he'll never leave that house. He hears the voice again and Roy goes to see if the guys are back. Nathan sees his father and closes his eyes tight, when Roy enters the room again. He tells Nathan not to look at whatever he's seeing anymore and kisses him. Roy gets down on his knees and proceeds to fellate Nathan, when Burke and Randy find them. Roy storms out of the room, and Nathan hears the voice again, and is suddenly knocked unconscious. A shadow of a person carries him up the stairs.
In the attic, Burke rapes Nathan, and realizing what he's done, disgusted with himself, he breaks an arm off a rocking chair and knocks Nathan over the head with it. Blood starts pooling on the floor beneath his head and he leaves Nathan in the attic. When Roy and Randy find him early the next morning, he appears to be dead. Roy tells Randy to go on and find Burke, whom he says he doesn't believe at this point about what happened. Roy cries once Randy leaves, then Roy leaves too. The police arrive, bringing Nathan's father who tearfully covers Nathan's face with a blanket.
Nathan awakens from a coma, or resurrected if he died, gets up and leaves the plantation house. He wanders for a long time still dazed from the blow to his head. Finally he sees Roy coming out of Sunday evening church, but Roy is with his family, so Nathan wanders around some more waiting for Roy to get home. Nathan's mother leaves his father, and Nathan, his head now clear finds Roy crying in the barn where Nathan slept while hiding from his father. As Roy looks up, he sees Nathan and hugs him.
At the end of the story, Roy is driving the bus and looks in the mirror to an empty seat, but when he looks a second time, Nathan is there smiling at him.
The movie departs from the novel and leaves the impression that Nathan is truly dead, and that the previous scenes were a wishful dream sequence of one of the two boy lovers, presumably Roy. In the book this scene does not take place. The book has the boys meeting in the yard of Roy's church, running together into the woods to talk things over, then and deciding to run away together since Roy has been seen sucking Nathan by both Burke and Randy, and both boys will surely will be outed to their families and the whole community. The book ends with: They hear the voices of people searching for them in the woods. They stand and go. They never look back.
tags: horror,  murder,  storytelling, 

title: Afflicted
synopsis: Childhood friends Clif Prowse and Derek Lee have decided to venture all over the world to film their travel web series “Ends of the Earth”. The trip is Derek's last wish, as he has an AVM, which could cause his death at any moment.
Clif and Derek stop in Paris to meet with old friends currently on tour with their band. After their initially uneventful stay, Derek picks up a woman by the name of Audrey after telling her about his AVM. Later that night, Clif bursts into Derek's hotel room as a prank, only to discover a bleeding and scratched Derek, and no sign of Audrey. Though Derek doesn't remember anything about the attack, they assume that Audrey planned to rob him.
Upon getting to Italy, Derek passes out and sleeps for an entire day. Clif awakens him the next afternoon for lunch. At the restaurant, Derek hungrily devours his pasta dish before suddenly projectile vomiting. Later, at a vineyard, Derek has an extreme reaction to sunlight, and is forced to flee inside, covered in burns. Back at the hotel room, Clif attempts to calm Derek down, only for Derek to explosively punch clean through the corner of a stone wall with his bare hands.
Over the next few days, Derek displays heightened strength, speed and agility. Clif attempts to persuade Derek to stop their trip and come home, but Derek continues to insist that there is nothing wrong with him. As Derek grows sicker due to not being able to eat, he finally agrees to go to a hospital. On the way, the two are almost hit by a car. Derek fights with the angry driver and passenger, completely overpowering them both, before licking their blood off his hand.
Clif correctly deduces that Derek has contracted vampirism, but researching online proves useless. Derek first tries drinking blood obtained from a butcher, and then kills and drains a man's pet piglet, only to vomit out the blood on both occasions. Realizing that Derek needs human blood, he and Clif attempt to rob an ambulance, which proves unsuccessful, and they retreat back to the hotel. Derek enters a catatonic state, and Clif decides to slit his own wrist to give Derek some of his blood, but discovers that Derek has escaped. He attempts to find him, only to be ambushed and killed by the completely inhuman Derek. Upon regaining his senses and realizing that he has killed his friend, Derek shoots himself in the head with a shotgun. Shortly after, however, Derek's head heals with only slight scarring, and he is faced with the fact that he is unable to be killed.
Soon after, Interpol agents attempt to take Derek into custody, forcing him to escape in daylight, carrying only Clif's camera bag. He manages to get back to France and hides in an abandoned warehouse in Paris. Reviewing the footage of his meeting with Audrey, he realizes that her cell phone might be at the hotel where she bit him. After retrieving the cell phone, Derek texts every one of the numbers on the contact list in order to try and lure someone to him. Eventually, a man shows up, and Derek tails and kidnaps him. He then sets up a live-stream event to draw Audrey in, but his hideout is stormed by the French Riot Police (CRS) and Derek is shot to near-death before entering a frenzy state. After slaughtering the police, Derek escapes once again.
Audrey finally meets Derek in an abandoned building, where she apologizes for accidentally making him a vampire, and tells him that there is no cure for his condition. Derek lashes out at her and the two briefly fight, but Derek is easily overpowered by the more experienced Audrey. Audrey urges him to feed every five days, lest he become inhuman again and begin killing indiscriminately. Audrey instructs him to choose whom he kills, and explains that she chose Derek because he was dying, and she thought she was being kind.
Later, Derek posts his final entry online, in which he explains that he can never contact his family again. He then kills and feeds from a child molester.
In a mid-credits scene, a teenage boy and two teenage girls are seen sneaking into a swimming pool, only to be attacked. The boy gets away, and with his camera running, finds the bloodied corpse of one of the girls before Clif, now also a vampire, appears and attacks him.
tags: mystery,  murder,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  flashback, 

title: The Severed Arm
synopsis: Jeff Ashton is sitting at home one day when a mail carrier delivers a strange package. Upon opening the wrapped item, Ashton is horrified to see that the package contains a severed human arm. He immediately contacts his friend, Doctor Ray Sanders, and the two discuss an incident five years before when, as part of a group of cave explorers, they were trapped by a cave-in. In order to avoid starvation, the group had cut off the arm of one of their fellow cavers, a man named Ted Rogers. However, moments after doing so, the entire group was rescued and they quickly concocted a cover story for the authorities, saying that Ted had lost his arm in the cave in and not as a result of the group cutting it off with a knife.
Jeff and Ray try to find Ted, enlisting the help of one of their former caver friends, Mark Richards, who is now a police detective. Mark finds Ted's daughter (Teddy, named after her father) but she initially refuses to help the group find her father who has now apparently disappeared. However, after Jeff's friend Herman, another one of the cavers who is now a radio personality, is brutally killed on the air of his radio show by having his arm hacked off, Teddy agrees to help the group find her father.
The killings continue until only Jeff and Mark remain. They attempt to trap the killer, who they believe is Ted, but Mark has his arm ripped off after being pushed from a cliff with a rope around his wrist. Jeff is then knocked unconscious by the killer after a struggle. When Jeff awakens, he is in a bare white room and it is revealed that Ted's daughter Teddy was behind the killings. Her plan was for her brother Roger, masquerading as their father (who is now in fact a catatonic) to kill Jeff's friends and then kidnap Jeff, as the original leader of the caving group who came up with the idea to cut off her father's arm. Jeff is then sealed in a room to starve to death, with the only way to avoid death being for Jeff to cut off his own arm. The film ends with Jeff, imprisoned alone, shouting Never!
tags: horror,  revenge,  cult,  murder, 

title: The Munsters
synopsis: The Munsters live at 1313 Mockingbird Lane in the city of Mockingbird Heights, a fictional suburb in California. The running gag of the series is that the family, while decidedly odd, consider themselves fairly typical working-class people of the era. Herman, like many husbands of the 1960s, is the sole wage-earner in the family, though Lily and Grandpa make (short-lived) attempts to earn money from time to time. While Herman is the head of household, Lily makes many decisions, too. According to the episode in which Lily and Herman Munster were trying to surprise one another for their anniversary, they were married in 1865. Despite the novel approach of the family's being (mostly) supernatural creatures (except for niece Marilyn, who is normal), the show followed the typical family sitcom formula of the era—the well-meaning father, the nurturing mother, the eccentric live-in relative, the naïve teenager and the precocious kid.
The costumes and appearances of the family members other than Marilyn were based on the classic monsters of Universal Studios films from the 1930s and 1940s. Universal produced The Munsters as well and was thus able to use these copyrighted designs, including their iconic version of Frankenstein's monster for Herman. Other studios were free to make films with the Frankenstein creature, for example, but could not use the costume and style of make-up originally created by Jack Pierce for the 1931 Universal Studios film Frankenstein. The make-up for the show was created and applied to the actors by Bud Westmore, who pioneered many make-up effects and designs for many of the Universal monster movies.
tags: horror, 

title: Grabbers
synopsis: Garda Ciarán O'Shea (Richard Coyle), an alcoholic, initially resents his new partner, Garda Lisa Nolan (Ruth Bradley), a workaholic seeking to impress her superiors by volunteering for temporary duty in a remote Irish island. After discovering mutilated whale corpses, the quiet community slowly comes to realise that they're under attack by bloodsucking tentacled aliens of various sizes that came from a ball of green light that fell from the sky, dubbing them Grabbers. When Paddy (Lalor Roddy), the town drunk, inexplicably survives an attack, the local marine ecologist, Dr. Smith (Russell Tovey), theorizes that his high blood alcohol content proved toxic to the Grabbers, who survive on blood and water. O'Shea contacts the mainland, but an oncoming storm prevents any escape or help. The group also realizes the rain will allow the remaining large male Grabber to move about the island freely. Seeking to keep calm in the town, Nolan and O'Shea organize a party at the local pub, intending to keep the island's residents safe but unaware of the danger. Initially hesitant to join in a celebration when no good reason can be offered, the people enthusiastically agree when Brian Maher (David Pearse), the pub owner, offers free drinks. O'Shea volunteers to stay sober so that he can coordinate the towns defenses, and everyone else becomes drunk.
In a drunken stupor, Nolan reveals that she has come to the island to escape the shadow of her more-favoured sister. When they are alone in a squad car, Nolan confesses to O'Shea that she has feelings for him despite turning down his advances earlier. Smith wanders outside the pub and tries to get a picture of the beast, reasoning that his inebriated state will protect him from being eaten. Instead, the monster throws him into the air and kills him. Nolan and O'Shea escape to the pub, where they try to protect the townspeople. Nolan drunkenly reveals the danger they are in while trying to reassure everyone that nothing is trying to kill them. Panicked, they retreat to the second level of the pub, and baby grabbers take over the first floor. Nolan accidentally sets the pub on fire while trying to sneak out, but she and O'Shea manage to draw the attention of the adult.
O'Shea and Nolan drive to a construction site, and the monster follows them. There, they hope to strand the monster on dry land, as it needs water to survive. Before they can successfully set a trap, the monster arrives and attacks O'Shea. Although wounded, he survives the attack, and Nolan uses the heavy construction equipment to mount a counter-attack, pinning it at the base of a pit. The monster grabs O'Shea, but before it can eat him he dumps a bottle of Paddy's moonshine into its mouth, sickening it and causing it to release him. Nolan then ignites nearby explosives with a flare gun, killing the Grabber. As the storm clears up, they return to the town and O'Shea throws away his flask. The film ends with a shot of more Grabber eggs hatching.
tags: horror,  comedy,  humor, 

title: Twentynine Palms
synopsis: With a Russian girl called Katia, a young American photographer called David drives a Hummer from Los Angeles to a motel in the little desert town of Twentynine Palms. As she hardly speaks English and he speaks no Russian, they talk in French, a language in which neither is confident. Much of their communication is therefore non-verbal and the two frequently misunderstand each other. Their days are spent driving and walking around the empty desert, sometimes naked. They make love, they fight, or just pass time. The camera contrasts the vastness, timelessness and emptiness of the landscape with the two small humans. Yet, as well as natural beauty, the desert contains menace. Stopped by a pick-up full of rednecks, David is beaten and raped while Katia is stripped and forced to watch. Back at the motel after their ordeal, David loses his mind and, after cutting off his hair, stabs Katia to death. The police find the Hummer in the desert with his corpse beside it.
tags: dramatic,  horror,  murder, 

title: D-Tox
synopsis: FBI agent Jake Malloy is pursuing a serial killer who specializes in killing police officers. Malloy's former partner becomes one of the victims. While Malloy is at his partner's home, the murderer calls Malloy from Malloy's home while Mary, his girlfriend, is there. The killer tells Malloy that he pursued him four years before for a series of prostitute murders; he is holding a grudge and he's going to kill Mary. Malloy rushes home to find Mary dead. When the killer's hideout is found, Seattle police and the FBI blockade the area before Malloy arrives. Malloy pursues the killer only to find that he appears to have committed suicide.
Three months later, Malloy descends into alcoholism over Mary's murder. After Malloy slits his wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, his best friend and supervising officer, Agent Chuck Hendricks, enrolls Malloy in a rehabilitation program designed for law enforcement officers. The clinic was formerly an abandoned military base. Dr. John Doc Mitchell, a former cop and recovering alcoholic, established the rehab center as a way of dealing with his problems. Hendricks stays in Wyoming to ensure Malloy will be okay.
Malloy meets several other officers who are patients in the clinic, including Peter Noah, an arrogant and paranoid ex-SWAT officer, Frank Slater, a cynical, opinionated British police officer, Willie Jones, a religious homicide detective, Jaworski, an alcoholic narcotics cop who attempted suicide, Lopez, a foul-mouthed LAPD officer, and McKenzie, an elderly member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who saw his partner get killed. He meets several staff members, including Doc's assistant and mechanic Hank and compassionate resident psychiatrist and nurse Jenny Munroe, with whom Malloy develops a bond.
A blizzard seals everyone in the rehab center with no outside communication. The next day, Jenny finds the body of Connor, one of the troubled patients who apparently killed himself. Jenny suspects otherwise, believing Connor would have come to her. The next morning Hank finds the body of Carl Brandon, another patient. Brandon also seems to have killed himself, but Malloy deduces otherwise.
Doc locks up the surviving patients while he reviews their files. Jenny informs Doc that Jack Bennett, a deranged employee who was a former patient in the clinic, is missing along with a snowmobile. Malloy convinces Jenny to lock her room. After Doc is killed by a man wielding an axe, everyone but Malloy and Jenny think Jack is the killer. Malloy opens the safe and hands the surviving cops their sidearms. Hendricks finds a body in a frozen lake, and learns from the owner of a nearby fishing shop that the victim was a cop. Hendricks and the owner of the shop return to the clinic.
Hank, the clinic's cook Manny, and helper Gilbert, volunteer to drive through the blizzard in a pickup truck to get outside help. Malloy wants Jenny to leave as well, but she refuses. While driving away, Hank sees something in front of him and veers away from it. The truck slides off the icy road, crashing into a tree at the bottom of a ravine. Malloy and Jenny hear the crash, and Malloy hands a gun to Jenny before investigating. Malloy finds Manny murdered after he survived the crash. Malloy also finds Jack's body, the object that caused Hank to crash the truck. Malloy is startled by Gilbert approaching behind him. Gilbert, alive but scared, flees while Malloy rushes back to the clinic.
McKenzie, who is patrolling the old execution chamber, finds the machine activated. The killer electrocutes McKenzie, deactivating the building's power and heating system. Malloy forces everyone except Jenny to their cells as he realizes one of the cops is a killer impersonating a patient. Suspecting the man responsible is Mary's killer, Malloy exams Connor's body in the kitchen. Remembering the killer saying, I see you, but you don't see me, Malloy looks inside Connor's eyelids and finds I on one eyelid and CU on the other. As Malloy and Jenny return to the cells, Hank, thinking Malloy might be the killer, knocks him out. He locks Malloy in Slater's cell and releases everyone else.
Malloy finds a vent, but as he uses a matchbook from Slater to light the cell, Malloy learns it came from a Seattle restaurant frequently visited by cops and Malloy himself, which reveals Slater as the killer as he watches policemen to learn about their habits and Malloy's. Malloy escapes the cell and finds the missing badges above Slater's room, which he collects as trophies. After establishing his innocence, Malloy has Jones and Lopez conduct patrol while Jaworski stays with Jenny in the patient room. Malloy heads into the tunnels beneath the facility.
Hank, Noah, and Slater go to the tunnels to retrieve logs for heating, with the other two unaware that Slater is the killer. Slater convinces them to split up before killing each of them. As Malloy patrols the tunnels, Slater taunts him over a CB radio and lures Malloy to Noah's hanged body where he finds the other radio. Slater is about to leave the clinic, but hears Jenny calling out Malloy's name. Malloy learns that Slater is at the tunnel's trapdoor and rushes to save Jenny.
Outside the installation, Hendricks and the fishing shop owner find Gilbert alive and bring him inside the snowcat before arriving at the rehab center. Hendricks sees Jenny's footprints and follows them. Jenny runs to a nearby shed, hiding from Slater. Malloy arrives, telling Jenny to stay inside the shed. Slater catches Hendricks before Malloy catches him from behind. Slater jumps into the shed and knocks Jenny out and wounds Hendricks. Malloy and Slater confront each other, with Malloy ultimately killing Slater.
Jenny regains consciousness and helps the wounded Hendricks walk to the clinic with Malloy, whose left arm was stabbed during the fight, following them. Malloy stops for the moment and puts the ring he was planning to propose to Mary with on a tree branch before walking away from it.
tags: mystery,  murder,  suicidal,  horror,  flashback,  revenge, 

title: Scream Bloody Murder
synopsis: As his father works on a tractor, young Matthew turns it on and kills him with it, damaging his own left hand in the process. Matthew is subsequently placed in a psychiatric hospital, and his mangled limb is replaced with a hook. At the age of eighteen, Matthew is released from the asylum, and returns home, discovering that in his absence his mother has married a neighbor named Mack Parsons. Matthew, who harbors incestous feelings for his mother despite his aversion to sex, dislikes Parsons, and one night he murders him with an axe. Matthew's mother discovers what her son has done, and when an argument breaks out between them, Matthew knocks her to the ground, and she dies due to hitting her head on a rock.
In the morning, a distraught Matthew hitches a ride with a young couple, whom he also kills, beating in the man's head with a rock and drowning the woman in a roadside stream. Matthew eventually reaches a town, where he makes the acquaintance of a painter and prostitute named Vera, who reminds Matthew of his mother. Matthew becomes obsessed with Vera, to the point of slitting the throat of one of her clients, a drunken sailor, in a jealous rage. Wanting to impress Vera and give her a better life, Matthew bluffs his way into a mansion, where he smothers the owner with a pillow, hacks the maid to death with a cleaver, and beheads the pet dog.
Matthew brings Vera to the mansion, but when she continually refuses his offers to live with him, he grows enraged, and takes her prisoner. Matthew tries to make Vera accept her new life, but she defies him at every turn, even after he bludgeons a doctor (who dropped by to see the house's owner) in front of her. One day, while trying to convince Matthew that she needs a bath, Vera realizes that he is disgusted and disturbed by sexuality, and she uses this to her advantage. Vera intimidates Matthew into trying to have sex with her, and while he is distracted, she stabs him with a loose door hook and tries to escape, but Matthew catches her and rips her throat out with his hook.
With Vera dead, Matthew becomes completely unhinged and runs through town, chased by hallucinations of his victims. Matthew breaks into a church, and as the phantoms surround him, he uses his hook to kill himself.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity, 

title: Mega Python vs. Gatoroid
synopsis: A group of animal activists, consisting of Dr. Nikki Riley, Gia and Ben, break into a house and steal dozens of exotic pythons before setting them free into the Florida Everglades. Their actions inadvertently cause the snakes to grow into alarming sizes and threaten the ecosystem, as they kill over 72 alligators in a matter of days. Due to the threat of the invasive species, Park Ranger Terry O’Hara issues permits to the local hunters to exterminate the pythons – much to Nikki’s dismay. However, the hunters themselves – including Terry’s fiancé Justin – are quickly eliminated by the giant snakes. Vowing to avenge her fiancé’s death, Terry and Angie take boxes of anabolic steroids from Angie’s grandson Manny and inject them into dead chickens before feeding them to alligators. Among the steroids is an experimental serum that neutralizes muscle growth inhibitors with a side effect of increased aggression. Meanwhile, Nikki and her group set up cameras all over the Everglades to monitor Terry’s activities. They catch and record Terry and Angie feeding the steroid-laced chickens to the alligators.
Several months later, Terry meets Dr. Diego Ortiz, who warns her that an all-out war between the giant pythons and the mutated alligators in the Everglades has begun. After seeing a python and an alligator battle each other, Diego urges Terry to cancel a fund-raising event that is to be held that night to help restore a nearby estuary, but his cries fall on deaf ears. As Nikki and her group walk around the forest to plant pheromones, they discover the skeleton of a dead giant python before they are attacked by a giant alligator which eats Gia. In another part of the Everglades, Diego discovers that the alligators have laid hundreds of eggs – all of which are 20-30 times their normal size. He calls Terry and asks her to give him access to explosives to get rid of the eggs, but his request is denied. Flying a helicopter over a swamp, Diego rescues Nikki, but Ben is devoured by an alligator. He offers to fly her to the nearest hospital, but she tells him to bring her to her office immediately. After dropping her off, he returns to the site of the alligator eggs and destroys them with a pack of dynamite. He then finds a cave filled with thousands more eggs and calls Terry, telling her that if she does not evacuate the party nearby, he will call the governor and have him send the National Guard to the quarry.
At the fund-raising event, Nikki shows up at the VIP tent uninvited, threatening to blackmail Terry with a disc containing footage of her feeding the alligators. This leads to a fight between the two women that destroys the party. Meanwhile, as Nikki and Terry continue their fight in a swamp, the reptiles crash the event, devouring guest of honor Micky Dolenz and several other partygoers. However, Terry's friend Barbara Fine manages to survive and escape. Realizing that they will have to work together to stop this threat, Nikki and Terry, along with Angie and Diego, drive to Miami to get help and prevent the reptiles from invading the city, but are too late and Angie is devoured by a python as they flee from the city. Nikki comes up with a plan to save Florida: she plants explosives in the quarry while Terry and Diego fly over Miami in a crop duster and spray pheromones they acquired from Nikki’s office, luring the reptiles to them. However, when their plane crashes on a highway after being hit by a python, Terry takes the remaining bottles of pheromones and drives an abandoned car to lure the reptiles away from the Turkey Point Nuclear Power Plant. Back in the cave, Nikki finds herself surrounded by an alligator and hundreds of hatchlings. Terry rescues her by driving her car with a lit container of gasoline toward the alligator. Surrounded by the remaining reptiles around the quarry, the two women lock themselves inside a supply shed, where Nikki admits to Terry that she released the snakes into the Everglades, to Terry's disgust. Diego arrives in a rescue helicopter and picks up Nikki, but is too late to save Terry, who is caught by an alligator and killed with Nikki and Diego helpless to save her. Nikki blows up the quarry, killing all of the reptiles in sight; but the explosion rocks the helicopter, throwing her off as she falls into a swamp. As the helicopter circles back for Nikki while pieces of pythons and alligators rain around her, she is bitten in half by a python head that is still alive (as snake heads can survive for up to an hour).
One year after the incident, Diego cuts a ribbon to inaugurate the O’Hara-Riley Estuary, named in memory of Terry and Nikki.
tags: horror,  violence,  action, 

title: Leprechaun
synopsis: In 1983, Dan O'Grady returns to his home in North Dakota from a trip to his native Ireland, where he stole the pot of gold from a leprechaun. After burying the gold, O'Grady discovers that the evil leprechaun has followed him home and murdered his wife. O'Grady uses a four-leaf clover to suppress the leprechaun's powers and trap it inside a crate. Before he can burn it, he suffers a stroke.
Ten years later, J. D. Redding and his teenage daughter Tory rent the O'Grady farmhouse for the summer. Contract workers Nathan Murphy, his 12-year-old brother Alex, and their dimwitted friend Ozzie Jones help re-paint the farmhouse. While looking around the basement, Ozzie hears the leprechaun's cry for help and mistakes him for a little child. He brushes the old four-leaf clover off the crate, freeing the leprechaun. After failing to convince the others that he met a leprechaun, Ozzie spots a rainbow and chases it, believing he will find a pot of gold at the end. Alex accompanies him for fear Ozzie might hurt himself. A bag of one hundred gold pieces magically appears before Ozzie. After Ozzie tests the gold and accidentally swallows a piece, they stash it in an old well and plot to keep it for themselves, hoping to fix Ozzie's brain.
At the farm, the leprechaun lures J. D. into a trap by imitating a cat, biting and injuring his hand. Tory and the others rush him to the hospital, and the leprechaun follows on a tricycle. Alex and Ozzie visit a pawn shop to see if the gold is pure, and the leprechaun kills several townspeople. The leprechaun returns to the farmhouse, where he searches for his gold and shines every shoe. After leaving J. D. at the hospital, the group drives back to the farmhouse. Finding it ransacked, Nathan checks outside, where he is injured by a bear trap set by the leprechaun.
After finding a shotgun in the farmhouse, they shoot the leprechaun several times. When this has no effect, they attempt to flee the farm, but their truck's engine has been sabotaged by the leprechaun. After ramming the truck with a go-kart, the leprechaun terrorizes the group until Ozzie reveals that he and Alex found the pot of gold. Tory recovers the bag from the well and gives it to the leprechaun. Believing the worst to be over, they leave for the hospital. While counting his gold, the leprechaun discovers that he is missing the gold piece Ozzie swallowed. Thinking that they have tricked him, he menaces them until Ozzie tells them about O'Grady, who was taken to a nursing home after his stroke. Tory visits the home to learn how to kill the leprechaun.
At the nursing home, the leprechaun pretends to be O'Grady. After he chases Tory to an elevator, the leprechaun throws O'Grady's bloodied body down the shaft as Tory flees. Before dying, O'Grady tells her that the only way to kill the leprechaun is with a four-leaf clover. Tory returns to the farmhouse, where she searches for a clover until she is attacked by the leprechaun; Nathan and Ozzie save her. Alex sets a trap near the well, but the leprechaun almost kills him. Ozzie reveals he swallowed the last gold coin, and the leprechaun critically wounds him to get at it. Before the leprechaun can kill Ozzie, Alex takes a four-leaf clover Tory has found, sticks it to a wad of gum, and shoots it into the leprechaun's mouth, taking away his power. The leprechaun falls into the well, but his skeleton climbs out. Nathan pushes the leprechaun back into the well and blows up both the well and leprechaun with gasoline. The police arrive, and Tory is reunited with her father. As the police investigate the remains of the well, the leprechaun vows he will not rest until he recovers every last piece of his gold.
tags: horror,  cult,  suspenseful,  comedy,  violence, 

title: La dama rossa uccide sette volte
synopsis: In the midst of a series of gruesome murders, a young woman is killed inside her suburban Miami house by a grey-haired, wild-eyed man. He stabs her in the eye and hacks her leg off with a machete, bagging the leg before he leaves. At the police station the next day, detective Pete Thornton investigates the killing, noting that it is the latest in a series of four murders by a homicidal maniac who has yet to leave any clues. The police chief advises him to continue to pursue the case.
At Fuad Ramses Catering store, wealthy socialite Dorothy Fremont arrives, where she arranges for Fuad to cater a party for her daughter Suzette. Fuad agrees and tells Mrs. Fremont that the Egyptian feast that he is preparing has not been served for over 5,000 years. Mrs. Fremont wants the catering done in two weeks, and Fuad assures her that he will have enough time to procure the last of his needed ingredients. After Mrs. Fremont leaves, Fuad ventures to the back storage room where he has displayed a large gold statue of his Egyptian goddess Ishtar. Fuad is preparing a blood feast – a huge vat containing the dead women's body parts – that will ensure the goddess's resurrection. That evening, teenagers Tony and Marcy make out on a nearby beach. Fuad attacks them, subduing Tony and slicing off the top of Marcy's head. He removes her brain to serve as the latest ingredient. Thornton arrives on the scene with the police chief. After failing to obtain any useful information from the distraught Tony, they interrogate Marcy's mother, who can only tell Pete that her daughter belonged to a book club.
Staking out a local motel, Fuad sees a drunken sailor drop his wife off at her room. Fuad knocks on the woman's door and attacks her when she opens it. Fuad rips the woman's tongue out through her throat as another ingredient to his blood feast. Pete continues to investigate this latest killing, and discovers that the latest murder victim also belonged to a book club.
Pete attends his weekly Egyptian Studies lecture at the local university with his girlfriend, who happens to be Suzette. The lecturer tells them about the cult of Ishtar, and describes how virginal women were sacrificed to the goddess on an altar as a blood offering to the Egyptian goddess. When the lecture is over, Pete takes Suzette out for an evening drive. She becomes worried about the recent attacks and fears that a serial killer is loose in the area. Their date is interrupted by the car radio announcing that another victim has been found near death. Pete drops Suzette home and races to the hospital. The police chief informs him that the maniac has struck again and hacked off the face of another woman named Janet Blake. Pete questions Janet in her hospital bed. Her face bandaged, Janet tells the detectives that the man who attacked her was old, with wild eyes, and that he said something which sounded like Etar. Janet then dies and Pete can't shake the feeling that this word sounds familiar. Fuad receives a letter from Trudy requesting a copy of the book Ancient Weird Religious Rites, written by Fuad Ramses. Fuad calls Trudy's home phone number and learns that she's staying with Suzette. That afternoon, Fuad stakes out the Fremont residence, kidnaps Trudy from the grounds and takes her to his store. He whips her savagely and collects her blood, the final ingredient in his bloody potion.
With Trudy missing, Mrs. Fremont insists that the party continue. Pete calls Suzette to inform her that he will be late. Meanwhile, Fuad arrives with the food that he has cooked at his store. Elsewhere, Pete calls upon the college lecturer and gets more information about the cult of Ishtar and Fuad's book. He deduces that Fuad is the killer, since all the victims were women who personally called upon him to send them copies of his book. Pete and the police race over to Fuad's store and find Trudy's chopped-up body in the back. Pete tries to call Suzette to warn her, but Fuad cuts the phone line to the Fremont house.
At the Fremont party, Fuad's meal is ready, but he first asks Suzette to come into the kitchen to help him. He has Suzette lie on a counter, which he makes his altar, and says a prayer to Ishtar as he prepares to decapitate her with his machete as a final offering to his goddess. This takes forever because she can't take him seriously. Dorothy Fremont interrupts Fuad just as he's about to decapitate Suzette, and Fuad escapes as the police arrive. Pete and the rest of the police chase Fuad through a nearby garbage dump, where he attempts to escape by climbing into the back of a departing garbage truck. The truck's compact blades turn on and Fuad is crushed to death. The police stop the truck, noting that there's not much left of Fuad. As Pete puts it, He died a fitting end, just like the garbage he was.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Scooby-Doo Meets the Boo Brothers
synopsis: Shaggy discovers that his uncle Colonel Beauregard has died and left him his country estate, which is on a plantation. After being chased away by a ghost witch, Shaggy, Scooby and Scrappy head for the estate in order to claim Shaggy's inheritance. Before they can get there, they meet Sheriff Rufus Buzby, who warns them about the whole estate being haunted and that they should leave. Before he can fully convince them, he receives a call from the police chief, notifying him that a circus train has derailed and a circus ape has escaped. Leaving Shaggy, Scooby and Scrappy, they continue driving, but upon their arrival they are pursued by a headless horseman, a ghost wolf and by the alleged ghost of the Colonel who taunts them, telling them to leave or else they will face the consequences.
They also meet the creepy manservant Farquard who tells them that a vast fortune in jewels is hidden somewhere on the estate, which he believes is rightfully his and that Shaggy has no business there. Initially, Shaggy wants to leave, but before they can do that, his truck sinks into quicksand, forcing him, Scooby and Scrappy to spend the night there. With ghosts haunting the place, Scrappy has the idea to call a group of ghost exterminators called The Boo Brothers. To the guys' surprise, the exterminators themselves are ghosts, who proceed to hunt down the ghosts that are haunting the estate, with little success. On top of all, Shaggy meets Sadie Mae Scroggins and her shotgun totting, older brother Billy Bob Scroggins, whose family has an old feud with the colonel. After knowing that Shaggy is related to the colonel, Sadie falls in love with him, and Billy Bob wants to shoot him.
After things calm down a little, Shaggy, Scooby and Scrappy decide to go to the kitchen to eat something, only to find proof that the famous fortune in jewels is real, when they find a diamond with a clue to a treasure hunt. Intrigued by that very first clue, the gang decides to hunt down the rest of the jewels much to Farquard's chagrin and Sheriff Buzby, who is on the trail of an escaped circus ape, and is skeptical about the jewels' existence. They follow the trail through a number of clues that the Colonel has hidden for them, which takes them to several different points in the mansion and also in the rest of the plantation. As they progress in their treasure hunt, things become harder, with numerous ghosts appearing, including the ghost of Colonel Beauregard, the Headless Horseman and the Skull Ghost. To make matters worse, they also have to deal with Billy Bob Scroggins and his sister Sadie Mae, and the escaped Ape, who keep showing up. On top of that, the Boo Brothers reveal themselves incapable of getting rid of any ghost, only causing more mayhem whenever they try to help.
After much treasure hunting, they finally find the last clue, revealing that the treasure is hidden in the mansion's fireplace, much to the happiness of the Skull Ghost, who holds the gang at gun point, and tries to claim it for himself. After catching him, they find out that the person behind the Skull Ghost is the Sheriff. As they unmask the ghost, the real Sheriff comes in, revealing that the Skull Ghost is actually his greedy twin brother, T.J. Buzby impersonating him, as well as the remaining ghosts that were haunting the place. With the treasure found, Shaggy is taken by the Boo Brothers' story that they need a home to haunt, so he turns the mansion over to them and the treasure is put into the Beauregard Trust Fund for Orphans. Saying their goodbyes, Shaggy and the dogs drive back home. Along the way, they encounter once more the ghost of Colonel Beauregard, which Shaggy thinks is another prank of Scooby's, until he realises it's real, and speeds away as fast as possible.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Krrish
synopsis: Five-year-old Krishna Mehra undergoes an intelligence quotient test by a professor, who suspects that he has superpowers. His grandmother Sonia (Rekha) takes the young Krishna to a remote mountain village to conceal his unique abilities. Years later, Krishna (Hrithik Roshan) meets Priya (Priyanka Chopra) and her friend Honey (Manini Mishra) when Krishna's friend Bahadur (Hemant Pandey) takes the girls' camping crew near his home to camp. Krishna saves Priya from a hang glider accident and falls in love with her when spending time with her.
After returning home to Singapore, Priya and Honey are fired by their boss (Archana Puran Singh) for taking a non-permitted extension of 5-days in their vacation. In order to keep their jobs, Honey suggests her boss making a television program about Krishna. Aware of Krishna's love towards her, Priya calls him to join her in Singapore to ask her mother permission to marry her. Krishna's grandmother objects to this, saying that people will want to take advantage of his abilities. She then explains that his father Rohit was hired by Dr. Siddhant Arya (Naseeruddin Shah) to design a computer that could see the future in order to prevent wars and help prepare against natural disasters. However, Rohit later found out that the purpose of the computer was not for good and he destroyed the machine. Rohit reportedly died in a laboratory accident that night, with Krishna's mother dying of a broken heart shortly thereafter. Krishna promises his grandmother that he will never reveal his powers, so she permits him to go. In Singapore, during the program's production, Krishna keeps his word and reveals nothing exceptional about himself much to the disappointment of Honey and Priya, who get fired again.
Krishna later meets with kristian Li (Bin Xia), who attempts to raise funds to pay for his young sister's leg surgery. He invites Krishna and Priya to the Great Bombay Circus, where fire breaks out during the performance. Several children remain trapped in the blaze, and Krishna gets faced with the dilemma of saving the children without revealing his abilities. He dons a broken black mask and puts his jacket on inside-out, creating the persona of Krrish. Later, when Kristian Li sees Krrish fighting some goons and removing his mask, he discovers his friend Krishna as Krrish. As Krrish is being offered a reward for his deeds, Krishna asks Kristian to assume the identity, so that he can pay for his sister's surgery.
Meanwhile, Priya also comes to know that Krishna is Krrish when she sees the footage from her video camera. She and Honey decide to release the footage on TV to make Krishna a star. Krishna arrives and overhears them talking about how Priya had lied to him, and how they will reveal his identity. Just before Priya confesses to Honey that she has genuinely fallen in love with Krishna, he leaves, dejected.
After being confronted by Krishna at his hotel about what she said, Priya realises her mistake and stops her boss from revealing Krrish's identity. She then meets Vikram Sinha (Sharat Saxena), who has been searching for Krishna for years. He informs them that Krishna's father Rohit is still alive, and that after completing the machine, he and Rohit tested it and saw Siddhant holding a gun to Rohit's head. Rohit understood that Siddhant was going to kill him and then use the machine for his own selfish needs. He was able to destroy the machine, before being taken prisoner by Siddhant.
Meanwhile, in the present timeline, Siddhant has rebuilt the computer after many years. He uses it to reveal his future and sees Krrish killing him. Siddhant then kills Kristian, thinking that he is Krrish. Krishna later follows Siddhant to his island lair. When Siddhant looks into the future again, he sees the same thing, and is shocked to see Krrish still alive and on his island.
When Krrish enters the compound, there is a vicious fight with Siddhant's thugs. Krrish eventually defeats them and saves Priya and Rohit. However Vikram gets shot in the head by Siddhant. In the final scene, Krrish wounds Siddhant fatally. Before he dies, Siddhant asks Krrish who he is, and Krishna reveals himself. After revealing to Rohit that he is his son, Krishna takes Priya and his father back to India, reuniting him with Sonia. Rohit then uses his father's special computer to call Jadoo, whose spaceship can be seen from a distance.
tags: good versus evil,  horror,  flashback, 

title: Riding the Bullet
synopsis: Set in 1969, Alan Parker (Jonathan Jackson) is a young artist, studying at the University of Maine. He becomes obsessed with death, and believing he is losing his girlfriend, Jessica (Christensen), he tries to commit suicide on his birthday. His friends surprise him, and he cuts himself, which sends him to the hospital. He eventually recovers and decides to accompany them to a John Lennon concert.
Before leaving he receives news that his only living relative, his mother, Jean (Hershey), is in the hospital because of a stroke and is near death. Alan decides to hitchhike to reach the hospital before she dies. On his way there, he has multiple strange encounters with the living and dead. The film ends when Alan, now in his 40's, tells the audience that his mother died of a heart attack while watching television. He married his girlfriend Jessica, but it only lasted four years.
Alan never made it as an artist, but he does go to the theme park every summer in memory of his mother. While walking from the park, a person who looks like his friend George Staub offers him a ride, but he refuses. He tells him to take your button and get outta here.
tags: horror, 

title: Diary of a Wimpy Kid
synopsis: As a prank, Rodrick (Devon Bostick) wakes up Greg (Zachary Gordon) claiming that it was time for school. It is found that Rodrick tricked Greg and the title sequence begins.The first day of Greg Heffley's middle school ends negatively; in the gym, he plays Gladiator with other wimps, he learns about the Cheese Touch which is a rotten piece of cheese on the basketball court that one day Darren Walsh touched and the Cheese Touch begins. It all ends when Dieter Muller takes the Cheese Touch with him, discovers the ups and downs to the school, such as no stall doors in the boys' bathroom, and Greg and his best friend Rowley Jefferson (Robert Capron) eat on the floor. This is also when Greg meets Angie (Chloe Grace Moretz), a girl who isolates herself from the other girls to survive.
At the end of the day, Rowley unintentionally embarrasses both boys by asking Greg if he wants to come over and play. Greg looks through Rodrick's yearbook at home and Rodrick catches them, intending to kill Greg. The next day, Greg signs up for wrestling to become extremely popular, which results in two humiliating defeats joining the wrestling team by a weird, unpopular kid named Fregley (Grayson Russell) and his arch-enemy Patty Farrell (Laine MacNeil). On Halloween, the two boys encounter teenagers while trick or treating, and they are drenched with water. Rowley's shield (part of his Halloween costume) blocks assumed 95% of the water. Nevertheless, Greg says he will call the cops. This causes the teenagers to chase them to his Grandma's house. The teens further chase them to the Devil Worshipper Woods, which Rodrick warned them about before the duo left to trick or treat. Some time later on, Greg makes it an effort to make Rowley popular by changing his style of clothing and looks, and how he wears a backpack.
The boys join Safety Patrol in an effort to become popular, and they try out for a contest that offers a student a chance to become the new cartoonist for the school paper. Rowley fractures his arm during winter due to a game the boys played, and Rowley gets extremely popular, and wins the contest, causing Greg to become more jealous. At Safety Patrol, Rowley is unable to serve due to his injury; and Greg serves by himself but discovers a truck identical to the teenagers' from Halloween. In a panic, he hides the kids in a construction zone and the neighbor spots Greg, mistaking him as Rowley due to the coat Greg's wearing; and the truck belongs to someone else. Rowley is soon banned inadvertently, but Greg decides to expose himself; causing an argument between them, in which Rowley accuses Greg of being a selfish terrible friend for not exposing himself sooner, hating Rowley's comics, mocking his favorite pop star Joshie, and breaking his hand and didn't act like he was sorry, then Rowley states they aren't friends anymore. One of the kindergartners told the whole story, further parting Greg and Rowley, Rowley makes friends with Collin who replaces Greg as Rowley's new best friend.
Greg decides to pursue popularity without Rowley by joining the school play. At tryouts, Greg uses a wonderful soprano, prompting the music teacher to cast him as Dorothy Gale; however, Patty threatens the teacher into casting her as Dorothy. Chirag, (Karan Brar) tells him he could sign up as a tree to bean Patty with apples. During rehearsal, Greg is told he doesn't throw apples and sings instead. He doesn't sing due to Rodrick videotaping him, and Greg throws apples at Patty; causing the play to end. Getting upset about the circumstances the year has become for Greg, he gets his brother Rodrick grounded, but fails to reconcile with Rowley.
One day at school, Rowley and Greg confront each other, and catches attention to the rest of the school. Patty and the kids force Greg and Rowley to fight each other; however, neither of them are good at fighting. The Halloween teenagers arrive at the scene and force the school to flee, but catch Rowley and Greg. They force Rowley to eat the cheese, giving him the Cheese Touch; but as Greg is about to eat it, the gym teacher and the school comes out and forces them to flee. Greg with a change of heart covers up for Rowley by saying he ate the Cheese, which mends their friendship. However, the school then thinks that Greg has the Cheese Touch.
Yearbooks eventually come, Patty touches Rowley, unaware she now has the Cheese Touch. Greg's popularity didn't succeed the way he planned, but that he and Rowley had some sort of representation; as they make the Class Favorites page as Cutest Friends.
tags: revenge,  horror,  flashback, 

title: Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed
synopsis: Mystery Inc. (Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby-Doo) attend the opening of an exhibition at the Coolsonian Criminology Museum commemorating their past solved cases with monster costumes on display. However, the celebrations are interrupted by a masked man known as the Evil Masked Figure who steals two costumes using the reanimated Pterodactyl Ghost. The gang are ridiculed by journalist Heather Jasper Howe, who starts a smear campaign against them. Concluding an old enemy is the mastermind, the gang revisit old cases, dismissing the former Pterodactyl Ghost, Jonathan Jacobo, due to his death during a failed prison escape, they guess that Jeremiah Wickles, the Black Knight Ghost’s portrayer and Jacobo's cell mate in prison, is the culprit.
Going to Wickles mansion, Fred insists on ringing the door bell twice, which activates a trap door that drops the gang into a cage. Velma identifies that the lock can be unlocked with Wickles's fingerprint. Daphne ingeniously releases them all using the makeup from her bag to recreate the previous thumb print left by Wickles, thereby effectively unlocking the prison. The gang find a book that serves as an instruction manual on how to create monsters. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo find a note inviting Wickles’s to visit the Faux Ghost nightclub. They are attacked by the Black Knight Ghost, but escape when Daphne fights him off while Velma discovers its weak spot and disables it. Before fleeing, the rest of the gang had previously discovered through the book found in Wickle's mansion that the key ingredient to creating the monsters was a substance called randomonium, which can be found at the old silver mining town.
After Daphne helps Velma overcome her fears of intimacy and assert herself by changing up her image, Daphne, Velma and Fred go to the museum, accompanied by the curator Patrick Wisely, but discover that the rest of the costumes have been stolen. Heather Jasper Howe ridicules the gang further by turning the city against them. The gang go to the mines, finding Wickles's plans to turn it into an amusement park. As they confront Wickles, he states that he and Jacobo were cell mates who hated each other and that he has no connection to the museum robberies.
Shaggy and Scooby, after overhearing the rest of the gang criticizing their tendency to bumble every operation, and especially their most recent offense failing to tie the rope and secure the Pterodactyl Ghost, resolve to better themselves and become real detectives. Following a lead from their first clue ever, which was stuck to Scooby's foot after he played around in Wickles mansion, sneak into the Faux Ghost to try and solve the mystery. After speaking to Wickles, they learn he has resolved his ways. Scooby eventually causes a scene and his disguise falls off, leading Scooby and Shaggy to escape through a trash shoot. On their way out, they spot Patrick uncharacteristically assaulting who appears to be a member of his staff, ordering him to find answers to who vandalized his museum. Escaping an awkward interaction with Patrick, Shaggy and Scooby spot Wickles leaving the bar and follow him.
The gang then find the Monster Hive where the costumes are brought to life as real monsters. Shaggy and Scooby play around with the machine’s control panel, bringing several costumes to life, and the gang flee with the panel as the Evil Masked Figure terrorizes the city. Escaping to their old high school clubhouse, the gang realize they can reverse the control panel’s power by altering its wiring. Captain Cutler’s Ghost emerges from the bayou, forcing the gang to head back to the mines, encountering the various monsters along the way. Velma sees Patrick in the mines, finding a shrine dedicated to Jacobo, but Patrick proves his innocence by helping Velma after a catwalk unexpectedly gives way under her.
The gang confront the Evil Masked Figure as Tar Monster captures all of them but Scooby, who uses a fire extinguisher to freeze the Tar Monster’s body. He reactivates the control panel, transforming the costumes back to normal. The gang take the Evil Masked Figure to the authorities, unmasking him as Heather, who in turn reveals she is actually Jacobo in disguise, having escaped death and sought to get revenge on Mystery, Inc. by discrediting them. Jacobo’s cameraman Ned is also arrested as an accomplice. Mystery, Inc. are praised as heroes once again in Coolsville. In the Faux Ghost, the gang celebrates their victory with the now reformed criminals whom they unmasked in the past (including Wickles).
After the credits, Scooby-Doo is seen playing a Scooby-Doo 2 Game Boy Advance game. After he succeeds, he tells the viewers to enter the Scooby-Doo 2 Game Boy Advance code. (This is only seen on the VHS and DVD release)
tags: good versus evil,  psychedelic,  horror,  flashback, 

title: Blood Night: The Legend of Mary Hatchet
synopsis: In 1978, Mary Mattock has her first period, and due to menstrual psychosis, murders her parents with a hatchet. Deemed mentally unfit, Mary is placed in Kings Park Psychiatric Center, where she is raped and impregnated by a guard in 1989. This incident is covered up, and after being told her child was a stillbirth, Mary goes on a rampage through the hospital. The police find Mary wandering the grounds, and open fire on her after she throws the severed head of her rapist at them, ending her killing spree. Mary Hatchet subsequently becomes a folklore figure, with local youngsters celebrating the Mischief Night-esque Blood Night in her name.
In 2008, a group of teenagers prepare for their Blood Night party by holding a séance at Mary's grave at a cemetery on Sweet Hollow Road in Huntington, where they are told one of the stories relating to her by the cemetery caretaker, Gus, a former King's Park employee who claims that Mary will keep coming back to kill until she finds her child, who was buried in a shallow grave near Kings Park. The teenagers proceed to party at a house, where straggling guests are killed by an unseen murderer amidst supernatural occurrences.
The remaining teenagers flee when they uncover their friends' bodies, and run into Gus. After hearing the teenagers' story, Gus has them accompany him to the abandoned Kings Park Psychiatric Center, where they dig up the grave of Mary's baby, Gus being convinced that reuniting mother and child will appease Mary's spirit. The baby's casket is empty, so the group break into Kings Park in search of answers, and discover paperwork that reveals that Mary's child is Alissa, a missing party guest visiting from Chicago. A series of flashbacks show that Alissa killed everyone either due to being influenced by Mary, or because she is experiencing the onset of a disorder similar to her to mother's.
Alissa appears, kills Gus, and chases the others through the asylum, picking them off until only Alex and Lanie remain. Alex and Alissa fight, and after a bloody struggle, Alex strangles Alissa to death. As Lanie and a wounded Alex search for an exit, the latter is decapitated by Mary's enraged ghost, which then lunges at the screaming Lanie.
tags: violence,  horror, 

title: Arang
synopsis: A veteran detective So-young and her rookie partner Hyun-ki come across an incendiary homicide case. They discover that the present case is related to the mysterious death of a girl ten years prior. So-young becomes plagued with nightmares in which the girl appears, and the killings continue.
The girl is actually Min-jeong, Hyun-ki's first love. Those who died are killed by Hyun-ki by giving them a cigarette that is inlaid with a gas which causes a simulated heart attack. Those who have the cigarette raped Min-jeong 10 years ago in an abandoned salt house. Hyun-ki was forced to tape the incident as he was emotionally wounded when he saw Min-jeong and her lover making out in the salt house at graduation day. Hurt, he agrees to tape the incident when the group who plans to rape Min-jeong persuaded him. Min-jeong's lover, who came by to save her, was killed by one of the group members. Min-jeong was said to have gone mad and disappeared after that incident, but in fact she was pregnant and buried under a mound of salt after one of the police officers who handled the rape incident tricked her into the salt house and locked her inside, burying her along with her unborn child.
Hyun-ki threatens the police officer to go to the salt house and dig out Min-jeong. So-young catches upon both of them and also threatens Hyun-ki to put down his gun. Hyun-ki pleads with So-young to kill him, but So-young refuses, saying that she will let him live in regret and make him watch his children suffer after him, whispering in his ear when he's dying and says that his life is no better than a stray dog. Hyun-ki states that he can't bear it, and afraid to live that kind of life, ends his life by committing suicide.
The water that rains down on that day washes away the salt that buried Min-jeong, and slowly, Min-jeong's body is revealed along with her dead baby between her legs. Her corpse is not rotten, thanks to the salt that preserved her body. The forensic doctor states that when a pregnant woman dies, gas formed inside the body. The gas pushes the baby out even after the mother is dead.
So-young was once violated by an unknown man with a scar on his right hand when she was young. She stated that the reason she became a police officer was to find that man and kill him. After the incident, the man who once violated her, now a father and a successful businessman, mysteriously dies in a hotel room. It is said that the night before the man died, So-young dreamed about the girl wearing a white dress, smiling and laughing together in the salt house. She concluded that the dream she had signified that Min-jeong had helped her take her revenge by killing the man, and after that So-young writes a novel and gets it published.
At the end of the film, there's a myth said to relate to the movie. The Legend of Arang 400 years ago states that there's a village full of new magistrates that are killed mysteriously. That is why no new magistrate dares to go to the village to be appointed. However, there's a new magistrate willing to go to the village. He found out that the spirit of Arang is full of hatred and revenge because she was raped and killed. After that, he helped the spirit to catch the culprit who raped and killed her, sending the culprit to justice. He found Arang's corpse and buried her. It was said that because of her hatred, her corpse did not rot when it is found after so many years.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  tragedy,  revenge, 

title: Sorry, Wrong Number
synopsis: Leona Stevenson (Barbara Stanwyck) is the spoiled, bedridden daughter of wealthy businessman James Cotterell (Ed Begley). One day, while listening to what seems to be a crossed telephone connection, she hears two men planning a woman's murder. The call cuts off without Leona learning very much other than it is scheduled for 11:15, when a passing train will hide any sounds. She calls the telephone company and the police, but with few concrete details, they can do nothing. Complicating matters, her husband Henry (Lancaster) is overdue and their servants have the night off, leaving her all alone in a Manhattan apartment.
As she makes a number of phone calls trying to locate Henry, Leona inadvertently begins to piece together the mystery. The story is told mostly in flashbacks. When Leona reaches Henry's secretary, Elizabeth Jennings (Dorothy Neumann), she learns that he took an attractive Mrs. Lord to lunch and did not return to the office. Mrs. Lord turns out to be the former Sally Hunt (Ann Richards). Leona stole then-drug store employee Henry from Sally, and married him against her father's wishes. Sally is now the wife of Fred Lord (Leif Erickson), a lawyer in the district attorney's office. From overheard conversations, she learned that her husband was close to resolving an investigation that involves Henry somehow. Sally became so concerned that she followed her husband and two associates to a mysterious meeting in a seemingly abandoned house on Staten Island. The house, according to a no trespassing sign, belongs to a W. Evans. Sally arranged to meet Henry for lunch, but before she could warn him, he left the table and did not return. Later, Sally calls Leona with more news. The house on Staten Island has burned down, and three men, including someone named Morano (William Conrad), have been arrested. Waldo Evans (Harold Vermilyea), however, has escaped.
Leona then receives a message from Henry stating he has gone out of town on business he had forgotten about and will not be back until Sunday.
Leona next gets in touch with Dr. Alexander (Wendell Corey), a specialist she had come to New York to see regarding her lifelong heart troubles. Alexander reveals that he gave Henry her prognosis 10 days before, something that Henry kept from her. Henry had married Leona without being aware of her health problems. He first found out when she had a heart attack after they quarreled about his attempt to get a job on his own, rather than being a do-nothing vice president in his father-in-law's business. (James Cotterell, however, sabotaged his job interview.) Her attacks became more and more frequent, until she finally took to her bed about a year ago. Alexander, however, diagnosed Leona's problems as purely psychosomatic; nothing is wrong with her physically.
Leona has got into hysterics and phones a hospital, asking to hire a nurse for the night. The receptionist tells her that they are short staffed and she can only have a nurse if the doctor feels it isn't an emergency. She thinks it is only 11:00pm but discovers her clock has stopped, sending her into worse hysterics.
Then Leona receives a telephone call from Waldo Evans, a chemist working for her father. He reluctantly discloses that Henry recruited him to steal valuable chemicals from the Cotterell drug company to sell to Morano. Later, Henry decided to bypass Morano when Evans was transferred to the New Jersey plant. Morano, however, showed up with two thugs and intimidated Henry into signing an IOU for $200,000 for his lost profits, due in three months. When Henry protested that he did not have that much money, Morano pointed out that Leona must have a large insurance policy. However, with Morano now in custody, Evans stresses that Henry no longer has to raise the now-overdue sum. Waldo leaves Leona with a telephone number to call to locate Henry, but when she calls the number she discovers to her horror that it is for the city morgue.
When Henry finally calls from a train station in New Haven, Connecticut, Leona gives him Evans' message. Seeing that it is only minutes from 11:15, he pleads with her to go to the balcony and scream for help, but she protests that she cannot, though she can hear somebody downstairs. When the intruder enters her bedroom, she begs for her life, then screams. The intruder strangles and kills Leona. Unaware of the policemen about to apprehend him, Henry frantically calls back, only to have a man answer, Sorry, wrong number.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  romantic, 

title: The Silent Scream
synopsis: Scotty Parker, a college student in Southern California, is seeking a room for the fall semester at the last-minute. She is directed to a boarding house run by the standoffish Mrs. Engels; a Victorian mansion on a cliffside overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Mrs. Engels lives in the house along with her teenage son, Mason, along with several other college students, including Doris, Peter, and Jack. The four students become friends, and decide to go on a double date together. Afterward, Doris and Peter walk along the beach near the house. Peter, drunk, makes unwanted advances on her, and Doris leaves him on the beach. He falls unconscious, and is awakened by an unseen assailant who stabs him to death with a butcher knife.
Lieutenant McGiver and Sergeant Manny Ruggin are assigned to investigate Peter's murder, and Lt. McGiver grows suspicious of the Mrs. Engels and her son. One afternoon, Scotty and Doris meet in the basement laundry room, where Doris tells her she is planning on moving after what happened to Peter. Scotty returns to her room with Jack, and the two begin to have sex. Meanwhile in the basement, a woman bursts out of a hidden door, stabbing Doris numerous times in the head and chest.
The woman flees through the secret door, which opens to a hidden staircase that travels along the house's air ducts, eventually leading to a room located off the main attic space. Scotty goes downstairs to get her laundry, where she finds a pool of blood, and Doris gone. She discovers the secret door, and ascends the staircase. At the top, she finds a narrow hallway with a door at the end. She attempts to open it, and is attacked by the woman, who pulls her inside. The commotion alarms Mrs. Engels, who enters the room from an access door in the attic and intervenes.
Mrs. Engels reveals that the woman, Victoria, is her daughter. Mason chastises his mother for having taken in boarders at the house, knowing of Victoria's violent outbursts. Mrs. Engels then reveals to Mason that Victoria is in fact his mother: After a failed suicide attempt, she gave birth to him, but was left mute and homicidal after undergoing a botched lobotomy at a psychiatric hospital. Meanwhile, Peter searches for Scotty throughout the house, but is unable to find her. He is confronted by Mason downstairs, who knocks him unconscious.
At the police station, Sgt. Rubin uncovers a file on Victoria's past and determines she has been living in the Engels home after being taken out of the psychiatrist hospital; he and Lt. McGiver promptly leave to go to the boarding house. Meanwhile, with Scotty bound and gagged in a closet, Mrs. Engels attempts to console the childlike Victoria. Mason obtains a gun from his bedroom and returns to the attic, attempting to kill Victoria. In a struggle, he inadvertently shoots Mrs. Engels through the chest, killing her. With his back turned, Victoria approaches Mason. He turns around, and she stares at him blankly, moving closer with a knife. Cornered against a window, he shoots her, and then shoots himself in the head.
Scotty manages to free herself, but finds Victoria has survived the gunshot; she attacks Scotty with the knife. Peter awakens just as Lt. McGiver and Sgt. Ruggin arrive at the house. They enter the attic and find Victoria collapsed with a knife in her stomach. Peter consoles Scotty as Victoria dies on the floor.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity, 

title: A Haunting at Silver Falls
synopsis: The movie starts with a young girl running through a dark wood from a shadowy figure. The scene becomes bleak as a severed hand is seen next to the girls dead body and the body is dragged away. On the hand is a silver ring. Jordan (Alix Elizabeth Gitter) is a teenager that has been orphaned after her father dies of Leukemia. Her mother died from drowning when Jordan was five years old. She's sent to live with an aunt (Tara Westwood), who is the identical twin of her mother, and uncle (Steve Bacic). They live in the town of Silver Falls, where she learns of ghost stories being told after seeing a burning mannequin at a park where teens go to party. When police come to raid the party Jordan wanders the surrounding forest and discovers the ring, which she places on her forefinger without even thinking. When she returns home she tries to remove the ring, but it won't come off. The ring, it turns out, attracts the ghost of the girl who had mysteriously been murdered twenty years before. No one, however, knows of the murder. The ghost does mischievous acts around the house, such as moving pictures, opening doors, and stealing small items from Jordan's aunt and uncle. These actions cause concern in her household causing them to make an appointment with the local psychologist, who is not fond of Jordan, as he believes she is a negative influence on his geek son.
tags: revenge,  horror, 

title: Hood of Horror
synopsis: The animated introduction revolves around how Devon (voiced by Snoop Dogg) becomes a Hound of Hell, in which he agreed to sell his soul to a demon named Liore (voiced by Hawthorne James) to bring back his dead sister (whom he has accidentally killed). Liore grants him knowledge, strength, and the power to decide who goes to heaven or hell for an unspecified period of time. The animation is switched out showing Devon as a real person, as he narrates the stories.
=== Crossed Out ===
A female tagger named Posie (Daniella Alonso) is given the power of death by a mysterious Derelict (Danny Trejo) (another Hound of Hell), who captures her while she tries to escape from some gang members (Teyo Johnson, Noel Gugliemi and Jeffrey Licon). With it, any tag she crosses out causes the gruesome demise of the original tagger. She later suffers the ultimate price when she loses sight of her calling as an artist and starts to abuse her power. The Derelict told her that she could have broken the cycle of murder and violence in her city, but instead she made it worse. He takes the power away and sics the recently deceased gang members on her. They lodge a spray-paint can in her head and spray the wall with her blood into a beautiful mural. A service is given for Posie and her beautiful flower mural, while Devon and Derelict watch on in human disguises.
=== The Scumlord ===
A racist white couple, Tex Woods Jr. (Anson Mount) and Tiffany (Brande Roderick), are given the chance at inheritance when Tex's father, Tex Woods Sr. (Chuck Hicks) dies mysteriously. But in order for them to receive the inheritance, they have to live with some black Vietnam vets (Ernie Hudson, Richard Gant, Tucker Smallwood and L. Kenneth Richardson) that served under Tex's father for a year. Instead of learning tolerance and respect from the vets, Tex and Tiffany just harass them and force them to work. When they start to cause casualties, they soon become victims to their unhappy house mates. After Tiffany ironically dies by stomach explosion from caviar and Tex Woods Jr.'s demise, the remaining housemates gain the inheritance of their friend Tex Woods and celebrate. Soon, Devon, who is now revealed to be the new landlord, greets them and congratulates them on their new wealth. However, it's short lived when Tiffany's dog starts barking at Devon, who shoots it in anger, then calmly saying, No pets allowed.
=== Rapsody Askew ===
A new rapper named SOD (Pooch Hall) is finally starting to gain recognition and fame. During an awards show after party, he is confronted by Clara (Lin Shaye), a mysterious woman who seemingly stops time (implying she too is a Hound of Hell). She shows him videos from his up-and-coming days: from when he first met Quon (Aries Spears) (another up-coming MC) to Quon's last day when he was gunned down in a liquor store by a masked burglar. During that life, Quon was always there acting as a big brother usually defending SOD when his ego got out of line. Quon was offered a solo career after SOD's behavior was out of control, but Quon refused and stayed with SOD. When SOD denies having anything to do with his death, Quon enters the room. Back from the dead, Quon knows it was really SOD and Jersey (Diamond Dallas Page) (SOD's manager) who were behind his death revealing the elaborate plot of SOD wearing a bulletproof vest as well as Jersey being the gunman as an act of betrayal and act of fame. Quon then brutally kills Jersey and frames SOD, who is then gunned down by the police.
=== Epilogue ===
During all the stories, Devon tells the audience that each character had the potential to do good in life, but instead, chose to do evil for their own needs that resulted in each of their deaths. After each segment, he takes all the deceased characters to a mysterious elevator. First pulling Posie out of her mural, then dragging Tex Woods Jr. by the horn which is embedded in his neck with his partner dragging Tiffany afterwards. After claiming SOD, Devon takes SOD, Posie, Tex Wood Jr., and Tiffany and sends all of them to a one-way ticket straight to hell, where all of them are further tormented.
tags: comedy,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  satire, 

title: Giallo
synopsis: Turin, Italy: French flight attendant Linda and Italian-American detective Enzo Avolfi team up to find Linda's younger sister Celine. Celine, a model, has been abducted by a serial killer. Known only as Yellow (Giallo in Italian) he kidnaps beautiful foreign women in his unlicensed taxi cab. After drugging them, the killer proceeds to mutilate and finally murder them. He photographs his deeds so that the photos may grant him personal sexual gratification.
Enzo receives a phone call from a fellow officer, who finds the body of an Asian woman outside a church near a fountain. They find out she's still alive, and starts to speak in Japanese. Enzo and Linda start to look for a translator, who tells them that the girl was praying Buddha and then repeated yellow. They visit the morgue, where Linda realizes that the killer's face could be yellow, and the coroner tells Enzo that yellow skin is symptom of liver disease, so the killer might be in the waiting list for a new liver.
They go to hospital and find Giallo but he escapes. Enzo finds out his name is Flavio Volpe and gets his address. Giallo starts to torture Celine by cutting one of her fingers when starts to bad-mouth him. Enzo breaks into Giallo's apartment, but finds it empty and full of torture devices.
Enzo tells Linda why he became a policeman: long ago, Enzo, who was 10, witnessed his mother being murdered by a local butcher, whom she owed money to. 5 years later, Enzo kills the butcher in his own shop, while Inspector Mori knew why he did it. Mori took him in as if he were his own son. Enzo had kept the knife he used to kill the butcher as a reminder of how he became a cop. Enzo also tells Linda that Giallo might be a pattern killer who hates beautiful women, due to his deformity.
Over the course of the film, Enzo and Linda find more victims and clues as to who the killer is, and why he tortures them. An origin story shows that Giallo's mother was a prostitute that gave her son up for adoption at a church, where orphaned kids started to bully him. Celine tries to escape from Giallo, but gets captured. Just when he was about to strangle her, Celine tells him she's rich and will reward him with money.
Giallo breaks into Linda's apartment and demands a ransom for the safe return of Celine. The film ends with Enzo and Giallo having a shootout in a hotel. Giallo tries to escape, but falls from a skylight to the floor of the lobby, killing him instantly. The police search his apartment for Celine, but cannot find her. They also try finding her at an abandoned gas factory where Giallo brings his victims.
Linda starts to blame Enzo for killing her sister, as well as calling him selfish and inhumane, because Giallo was going to tell her the location of where her sister is. Enzo tries to convince Linda that he was a killer and couldn't be trusted. After telling her this, he walks away, while Linda continues to berate him. By chance, while patrolling a car park, a policeman hears Celine as she tries to gain his attention, tied up and gagged in the trunk of Giallo's car.
tags: suspenseful,  cruelty,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  revenge, 

title: Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders
synopsis: The Mystery Machine is driving through a desert in Roswell, New Mexico. A sandstorm comes up and Shaggy Rogers makes a wrong turn onto government property. Seeing a UFO causes Shaggy to lose control of the vehicle and the gang find themselves on the outskirts of a small town. While Scooby-Doo and Shaggy stay with the van, the rest of the gang enters a local diner to get directions. Shaggy and Scooby then see a mythical animal called a jackalope. The jackalope takes their last Scooby Snack and they chase it into a cave, where they encounter aliens. They run into the diner in panic, claiming to have seen aliens.
The waitress, Dottie, says that they never see aliens but do see strange lights and hear sounds at night. The chef, Sergio, says that a month earlier local cattle vanished without a trace and a lot of people moved away. A man named Lester claims to have been abducted and he believes the two. He also claims to have pictures, so the gang goes to his house to see them. However, they are nothing more than paintings by Lester. He then refers to SALF: the Search for Alien Life Forms (similar to S.E.T.I.), dishes, saying that ever since they were installed, there have been numerous UFO sightings and disappearing livestock.
The gang stays overnight at Lester's home where Daphne Blake and Velma Dinkley sleep in a bunk bed and Fred Jones sleeps on the couch. Scooby and Shaggy fall into a deep sleep on the roof and are abducted. The aliens try to examine the two, but Scooby is able to free them. After being cornered by the aliens when they try to escape, they pass out. They are awakened in the middle of the desert by a hippie photographer named Crystal, and her golden retriever, Amber. Shaggy and Scooby immediately fall in love with them, and when they meet up with Fred and the girls at the local diner, the two of them are still so love struck after seeing Crystal and Amber that they are not even hungry, which shocks Fred, Daphne, and Velma.
Fred, Daphne, and Velma meet the crew of SALF, Steve, Laura, and Max, while Shaggy and Scooby hang out with Crystal and Amber. Velma becomes suspicious when she sees dried mud on the boots of Steve, Laura, and Max since they are in the desert. She later takes the gang to a canyon where she believes a seasonal river runs. The canyon proves to be dry, but they find caves, mining equipment and on the cave walls, gold. The SALF crew capture and tie them up. The crew explains that they stumbled on the gold cave while searching for a new location for another SALF dish. Since the gold cave was on government land, they decided to keep the secret for themselves, and they planned to keep it that way. They are also exposed as the aliens who abducted Scooby and Shaggy, with the UFO being nothing more than a dressed-up helicopter, and the inside of the UFO being an old movie set. Shaggy, Scooby, Crystal and Amber also investigate the cave in the canyon and find the gang and try to rescue them.
Eventually, Crystal and Amber reveal themselves to be the actual aliens from a planet 20 light years away. They dressed like hippies because their only information about Earth came from 1960s television broadcasts, and they assumed that the people of Earth still talked and dressed like those from the 1960s. The UFO that ran the Mystery Gang off the road was actually Crystal and Amber's spaceship. The gang, Crystal, and Amber manage to stop the SALF crew from escaping and tie them up. The SALF crew and their accomplices are arrested, and Crystal and Amber return to their homeworld after a heartfelt goodbye. Shaggy and Scooby are brokenhearted, but a box of Scooby Snacks helps them forget about their sorrows.
In a post-credits scene, Scooby-Doo scares the viewer in an alien costume.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Scooby-Doo and the Reluctant Werewolf
synopsis: Every year, all of the classic Hollywood monsters (consisting of Frankenstein's monster, his wife Repulsa, a Mummy, the Witch Sisters, Bone Jangles the Skeleton, Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Snyde, Swamp Thing, and Dragonfly) gather at Count Dracula's castle in Transylvania for the Monster Road Rally, an ultimate road race similar to Wacky Races, awarding the winner with the Monster of the Year award as well as many other prizes only monsters would enjoy (and one prize — a trip to Hawaii — that none of the monsters want). This year, however, Dracula receives a postcard from the Wolfman stating that he has retired to Florida and will not be participating.
Lacking one of the most well known monsters, Dracula fears they will have to cancel the race. Luckily, Dracula's minion Wolfgang notifies him there is another option, namely, to create a new werewolf. After searching an old book for information, it is revealed that every five centuries, the moon comes into a perfect position to transform a human into a werewolf, on three nights in a row that begin the following night. The one next in line to become the next werewolf is revealed to be is none other than Shaggy Rogers, who recently demonstrated his skills on the racetrack by winning a funny car race with the help of his pet dogs that serve as his pit crew, a talking Great Dane named Scooby-Doo, and Scooby's young nephew Scrappy.
Dracula sends his hunchbacked henchmen (the mush mouthed, incomprehensible Crunch and the well-articulated British Brunch, together known as The Hunch Bunch) to America to transform Shaggy into a werewolf, and bring him back to his castle. The first night, they attempt to cut a hole in the roof above Shaggy's bedroom to let the moon shine on him, but Scooby learns of their plan and rescues Shaggy just in time, but fails to convince Shaggy and Scrappy of the Hunch Bunch's presence. The second night, they go after Shaggy while at a supermarket, but they again miss their window thanks to Scooby. On the final night, while the trio is at a drive-in movie, along with Shaggy's girlfriend Googie, the Hunch Bunch manage to expose Shaggy to moonlight by dropping the sunroof of his customized race car, causing Shaggy to be finally transformed into a werewolf.
However, a snafu enters the Hunch Bunch's plan when they learn that Shaggy has the hiccups, and changes between human and werewolf with each hiccup. Googie, failing to see him as a werewolf, sends him to the snack bar for something to cure his hiccups, and he attracts horror from the other movie watchers along the way. Scooby, hearing them speaking of a werewolf loose in the theater, hides in a nearby car. The Hunch Bunch attempts to grab Shaggy, who flees, and is then forced to flee from the crowd when they see him as a werewolf. Upon meeting Scooby and seeing his reflection, Shaggy flees the drive-in with his car, Scooby, Scrappy, and Googie in tow, escaping his pursuers with the car's customization. The Hunch Bunch then knocks the group out with moon dust from their bat-copter and flies back to Transylvania, towing the car.
Upon reviving the group and quashing their hopes that the current situation is a nightmare, Dracula informs Shaggy that he was turned into a werewolf in order to fill the missing slot in his monster road rally. Shaggy, having no desire to be a werewolf, is displeased with his current situation, and refuses. Dracula tries all manner of coercion: speaking of the pre-race party and all its rewards, showing the awards for the race, imprisonment in one of the guest bedrooms, and even trapping him in a room with a needle wall. Ultimately, however, Shaggy still refuses, forcing Dracula to strike a bargain with him: if he agrees to drive in the race, and wins, Dracula will change him back to a human, and allow him and his friends to leave. Shaggy accepts the bargain.
They are given good lodgings and treated like guests in the castle, allowed all the food they wish for breakfast (though the food in question is flavored with scream beans, much to their displeasure). Dracula then shows them the trail that Shaggy will have to follow for the race, and consents to allowing them to navigate the track in their own race car, with the Werewolf Wagon currently undergoing maintenance for Shaggy. Dracula attempts several rotten tricks on the track out of sadistic pleasure, but regardless, Shaggy completes the course expertly, creating anxiety for the vampire that he may lose his werewolf. He subsequently changes the racetrack, sabotages the Werewolf Wagon, and has the Hunch Bunch deprive him of sleep but to no avail.
Shaggy is still asleep the following morning. Googie's help revitalizes Shaggy, and upon beginning the race with Scooby in the passenger seat, he has little difficulty repairing the Wagon. The Hunch Bunch, a couple of the racers, and Dracula himself try their best to sabotage him, but thanks to Googie and Scrappy, who follow along in their own car as their pit crew, they end up doing more harm to themselves than him. At one point, the Hunch Bunch tries to dispose of the duo, forcing Shaggy to save them, but even this only serves as a minor inconvenience, and Shaggy keeps first place for most of the race. Finally, losing his temper, Dracula unleashes his trump card, a massive beast named Genghis Kong who manages to halt their progress. As the other racers near the finish line, however, Googie and Scrappy come up once more and rescue Shaggy and Scooby, then both pairs work together to make the monster fall down on the other cars, leaving an easy path to victory for Shaggy.
Dracula, furious, refuses to revert the spell, stating that there is no way to turn Shaggy back. However, after Dracula's dim-witted wife Vanna Pira unwittingly reveals that the solution of how to turn a werewolf back into a human is in Dracula's spell book, the heroes steal the book and make their getaway. Dracula chases after them in his weaponized car, and then his plane after the car is destroyed due to Shaggy's cleverness. The four only barely manage to dodge Dracula's powerful gadgets, and right before Dracula gets the best of them, a thunderstorm ensues and Dracula's plane is struck by lightning, sending him plummeting into the ocean below where he is chased off by a shark.
In the end, Googie uses the book to change Shaggy back to normal. That night, the gang all sit down to watch another horror movie and eating pizza, glad that their problems are over, but in the final scene, Dracula, Brunch and Crunch sneak up behind their window, and say We're baaaack!.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Jeepers Creepers II
synopsis: For thousands of years, the creeper has come back to life every 23 years to feast on humans for 23 days. It is now day 22 and with only two days left of feasting, the creeper must find new victims before his time is up. The bat-like creeper has greater strength with his ability to fly. The story begins with the creeper as a scarecrow in a cornfield waiting to snatch the child of Jack Taggart (Ray Wise) who ends up wanting revenge on the creeper after he flies away with his son. This leads to the 23rd and last day of the creeper. A busload of high school basketball players, cheerleaders, and coaches are returning home after a Championship game on East 9 Highway. The creeper throws a spike made from the body parts of other victims and blows out one of the bus tires. As night falls, the creeper swoops down and takes the coaches away, and then he begins to feast on the terrified teenagers. This is the creeper's last night and he loves the smell of fear on his victims. One girl fights back and puts a javelin stick through the creeper's eye and head, but it doesn't kill him. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)(spoiler alert)The very end, after the sheriff supposedly destroys the Creeper. Then a scene is shown 3 kids visiting a roadside stand advertising the Bat from Hell and they're told that the man's dad killed it. They pay their money and see the Creeper mounted on the wall. The Creeper's arm is shown as being sewn back on (he loses it right before he is killed). The sheriff appears as an older man; the kids ask him what he is armed for. He tells them that it's been almost 23 years and he knows that the evil thing will be back to feed again for 23 years. Thus setting us up for Jeepers Creepers 3!! And please remember folks, 23 years isn't a very long time!
tags: paranormal,  revenge,  horror,  violence,  flashback, 

title: The Haunted Mansion
synopsis: Jim Evers (Eddie Murphy) is a workaholic realtor whose continuous pursuit for new deals leaves very little time with his family. He misses his wedding anniversary with his wife Sara (Marsha Thomason), but to make amends, he suggests going on vacation to a nearby lake. Beforehand, Sara is contacted by the occupants of Gracey Manor, located in the Louisiana bayou. Eager to make a deal, Jim drags Sara and his children, impatient Megan (Aree Davis) and arachnophobic Michael (Marc John Jefferies) to the mansion. They meet its owner Edward Gracey (Nathaniel Parker), his stern butler Ramsley (Terence Stamp), and other staff members Emma (Dina Waters) and Ezra (Wallace Shawn). When a storm floods the nearby river, Gracey allows the Evers family to stay the night; though everyone is safe, Jim is unhappy with the idea. Ramsley takes Jim down to the mansion's library to have a talk with Gracey, but while he waits, Jim gets trapped in a secret passage.
Megan and Michael encounter a spectral orb and follow it up to the attic, where they find a portrait of a woman resembling Sara. There they converse with Emma and Ezra; the former identifying the woman as Elizabeth. Sara talks with Gracey in the library, who explains his grandfather hanged himself out of despair after his lover, a multiracial woman named Elizabeth Henshaw poisoned herself despite their plans to wed. Jim meets Madame Leota, a gypsy woman's ghost whose head is encased in a crystal ball, but she scares him away. Jim runs into his children, Emma and Ezra, and returns to Madame Leota for answers about Elizabeth's likeness to Sara. It is revealed that everyone in the mansion are ghosts, cursed a century ago by Gracey and Elizabeth's suicides and can only go to Heaven when they are reunited, and Gracey believes Sara is Elizabeth's reincarnation. Madame Leota sends the Evers off to the mansion's expansive cemetery to find a key that will reveal the truth behind Elizabeth's unusual death. Jim and Megan venture into a crypt where they find the key, but inadvertently disturb its undead residents. They escape with help from Michael, who overcomes his arachnophobia. Madame Leota then instructs them to find a trunk in the attic, Jim unlocking it to find a letter written by Elizabeth to Gracey, revealing she truly loved him and wanted to marry him, leading them to conclude that she was murdered. Ramsley suddenly appears, revealing he murdered Elizabeth to prevent Gracey from abandoning his heritage, believing their relationship was unacceptable. To hide the truth, he traps the children in a trunk and throws Jim out of the house, enchanting the house so Jim cannot break in and stop him.
As Gracey and Sara rendezvous in the ballroom, the former asks Sara if she can recognize him which confuses her. Desperate, he insists to Sara that she is his beloved Elizabeth. The room fills with dancing ghosts of the past which causes Sara to flee. As she runs up the stairs, Gracey reveals his true ghost-self to Sara begging her to understand and that they can finally be together. She shouts that she is not Elizabeth. Gracey begins to have second thoughts. But Ramsley insists that it is her and in time she will remember. Ramsley tells Sara to get ready for her wedding to Gracey. Sara refuses but Ramsley blackmails her into marrying Gracey in return for her children's safety. Encouraged by Madame Leota, Jim drives his car through the mansion's conservatory, rescues his children, and stops Sara and Gracey's wedding ceremony where he gives Elizabeth's letter to Gracey, revealing to him the truth about Elizabeth's death and that Ramsley had lied to him about it all those years. Gracey confronts Ramsley, who rages at his master's apparent selfishness for loving Elizabeth, and summons wraiths to kill the group for revenge. However, a fiery dragon emerges from the ballroom fireplace and drags Ramsley down to Hell for eternal damnation. Sara suddenly collapses, having been poisoned by Ramsley during the wedding, only for the spectral orb encountered by the children to appear and possess Sara, revealed to be Elizabeth's ghost. Elizabeth and Gracey reunite, and Sara is revived. With the curse lifted, Gracey gives the Evers the mansion's deed and departs to Heaven with Elizabeth, Emma, Ezra, and the other ghosts. sister Elizabeth be are those what are we al their better educated and have sister Elizabeth that glass of wine is t a reward it s a poison have been poisoned glass you have just been poisoned care her sister the my s terious butler of gracey man or who serves as a fatherly figure to master gracey he is later vevealed to be Elizabeth s murderer The Evers drive across the Seven Mile Bridge for a proper vacation, accompanied by Madame Leota, and four singing busts strapped to the back of their car. In a post-credits scene, Madame Leota bids farewell to the audience, inviting them to join the dead using dialogue from the Disneyland attraction.
tags: horror,  murder,  humor, 

title: Môsô dairinin
synopsis: Tsukiko Sagi, a shy character designer who created the immensely popular pink dog Maromi, finds herself under pressure to repeat her success. As she walks home that night, she is attacked by an elementary school boy on inline skates. Two police detectives, Keiichi Ikari and Mitsuhiro Maniwa, are assigned to the case. They suspect that Tsukiko is lying about the attack, until they receive word of a second victim.
Soon the attacker, dubbed Lil' Slugger (Shōnen Batto in Japanese, meaning Bat Boy), is blamed for a series of street assaults in Tokyo. None of the victims can recall the boy's face and only three distinct details are left in their memories: golden inline skates, a baseball cap, and the weapon: a bent golden baseball bat. Ikari and Maniwa set out to track down the perpetrator and put an end to his crimes. Their hunt is unsuccessful, however, and the investigation eventually leads to both men losing their positions as police detectives.
As the attacks continue, it is revealed that they are not random. Instead, Lil' Slugger seems to target people in crisis, and the attacks, though violent, lead to some improvement in the life of the victim. Maniwa becomes convinced that Lil' Slugger is a supernatural force, driven to rescue the desperate from their tragedies through violence. He becomes obsessive, broadcasting his warning about Lil' Slugger via shortwave radio and seeking a way to kill the supernatural assailant.
As public fear of Lil' Slugger intensifies, so do his (supposed) attacks, and the line between truth and fiction becomes blurred. At the same time, public anticipation for the launch of the Maromi television series reaches a fanatical high, almost as if the fear of one is feeding (and feeding off) the anticipation for the other.
Things come to an end on the night that the Maromi show is set to air. Ikari, now a private security guard, and Maniwa, now a wandering knight, attempt to battle Lil' Slugger, now an incredibly powerful force. They confront Tsukiko, and she confesses that Maromi was based on a real puppy that Tsukiko had in childhood, whose leash she had one day accidentally dropped, allowing the puppy to run into traffic where it was killed. Instead of taking responsibility for the puppy's death, young Tsukiko invented a story about a bat-wielding, skate-wearing puppy killer – Lil' Slugger's first attack.
Ultimately, Lil' Slugger is a paranormal figment of Tsukiko's guilt and fear, brought inexplicably to life when the adult Tsukiko desperately needed to escape her responsibilities and then fed and nurtured by the fear of the populace. In a way, Tsukiko does fulfill her job by creating a character (Lil' Slugger) that becomes just as big a sensation as Maromi. When Tsukiko finally confesses the truth, and in doing so accepts the guilt for the death of Maromi, Lil' Slugger is defeated.
tags: comedy,  psychological,  horror,  plot twist,  psychedelic,  satire,  suspenseful, 

title: Cry Baby Lane
synopsis: Andrew (Jase Blankfort) and his older brother Carl (Trey Rogers) enjoy listening to ghost stories that the local undertaker, Mr. Bennett (Frank Langella), tells them. One night Bennett tells the tale of a local farmer whose wife gave birth to conjoined twins, one being good-natured while the other was clearly evil. The farmer, ashamed of them, kept the twins locked in their room. Eventually the twins got sick from a liver disease and died together, so the farmer sawed them in half and buried the good twin in a cemetery and the bad twin in a shallow grave near the house, at the end of an old dirt road called Cry Baby Lane, as whoever is caught out there at night will hear the cries of the deceased twin. Later, Andrew, Carl, and a group of friends decide to hold a séance in the cemetery where the good twin is buried, but soon after the seance, a creepy phenomenon occurs around the town. When Andrew consults Mr. Bennett about it, he confesses that when the twins were separated, the farmer mixed up the twins and tossed the good one in the field and that the good twin is crying for help, not vengeance, and the bad twin possesses nearly everyone in town, and it is up to Andrew to stop him.
However, during the time Andrew and Carl journey into Cry Baby Lane, the evil twin intervenes and possesses Carl who then tries to attack his brother. The evil twin, speaking for Carl, tells Andrew he can't stop his doing as the cries of the good twin become louder and more desperate. Andrew eventually escapes the car and journeys into the good twin's grave where he must cut a root that was wrapped the good twin's skeleton in order to regain peace. The evil twin showers dirt onto the grave, attempting to bury Andrew alive, but Andrew manages to cut the root and save the good twin. The evil twin disappears in a flash of light and everybody returns to normal.
The next day, Andrew wakes up outside of the grave where he finds the good twin's grave with flowers, alluding that the twin is now at peace. Andrew then picks a flower from the grave and gives it to Kathy as they leave Cry Baby Lane.
tags: horror, 

title: Frenzy
synopsis: In London, a serial killer is raping women and strangling them with neckties. Most of the film takes place in Covent Garden, which at the time was still the location of the city's wholesale fruit and vegetable market. Fairly early in the film, the audience sees that fruit merchant Robert Rusk (Barry Foster) is in fact the murderer. However, circumstantial evidence has already built up around his friend Richard Blaney (Jon Finch).
Blaney's ex-wife, Brenda (Barbara Leigh-Hunt), runs a matchmaking service that Rusk used until he was blacklisted for beating up his dates. One day, Rusk shows up at her office and tries to seduce her; when she spurns his advances, he rapes and strangles her in a fit of rage. Suspicion falls on Blaney, who is previously seen threatening his ex-wife in public, as well as being seen leaving her building shortly after her murder. The subsequent murder of Blaney's girlfriend, Barbara Babs Milligan (Anna Massey), occurs off-screen: the audience sees her entering Rusk's apartment with him, but the camera then pulls back down the stairs all the way out to the other side of the street.
The audience next sees Rusk at night carrying a large sack and lifting it into the back of a lorry among sacks of unsold potatoes bound for Lincolnshire. Rusk soon finds that his distinctive jeweled tie pin (with the initial R) is missing, and realises that Babs must have torn it off as he was murdering her. He climbs into the back of the lorry, but it starts off on its journey north. The killer desperately scrabbles through the sack of potatoes to find the dead woman's hand. Rigor mortis has set in, and he has to break her fingers in order to prise the pin from her grasp.
Owing to fake evidence set up by Rusk, Blaney is gaoled while protesting his innocence. Chief Inspector Oxford (Alec McCowen), the detective investigating the murders, reconsiders the previous events and begins to believe that he has arrested the wrong man. He discusses the case with his wife (Vivien Merchant) in several scenes of comic relief concerning her pretensions as a gourmet cook.
With the help of his fellow inmates, Blaney escapes from prison. Oxford knows he will head to Rusk's flat for revenge, and immediately goes there. Blaney arrives first, to find that the door to the flat is unlocked. He creeps in and sees what appears to be Rusk asleep in bed, and strikes the body three times with a tyre iron. However, the body is in fact the corpse of another of Rusk's female victims, strangled by a necktie.
Oxford bursts through the door. Blaney is still standing by the corpse holding the tyre iron, and begins to protest his innocence, but then they both hear something or someone banging heavily coming up the staircase. The two men wait in the flat and witness Rusk dragging a large trunk inside to cart away the body, only to come face to face with two determined witnesses. The film ends with Oxford's urbane but pointed comment, Mr. Rusk, you're not wearing your tie. Rusk drops the trunk in defeat.
tags: murder,  cult,  revenge,  horror,  flashback,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: The Addams Family
synopsis: Gomez Addams laments the 25-year absence of his brother Fester, who disappeared after the two had a falling-out. Gomez's lawyer Tully Alford owes money to loan shark Abigail Craven, and notices that her son Gordon closely resembles Fester. Tully proposes that Gordon pose as Fester to infiltrate the Addams household and find the hidden vault where they keep their vast riches. Tully and his wife Margaret attend a séance at the Addams home led by Grandmama in which the family tries to contact Fester's spirit. Gordon arrives, posing as Fester, while Abigail poses as psychiatrist Dr. Pinder-Schloss and tells the family that Fester had been lost in the Bermuda Triangle for the past 25 years.
Gomez, overjoyed to have Fester back, takes him to the family vault to view home movies from their childhood. Gordon learns the reason for the brothers' falling-out: Gomez was jealous of Fester's success with women, and wooed the conjoined twins Flora and Fauna Amor away from him out of envy. Gomez starts to suspect that Fester is an impostor when he is unable to recall important details about their past. Gordon attempts to return to the vault, but is unable to get past a booby trap. Gomez's wife Morticia reminds Fester of the importance of family amongst the Addamses and of their vengeance against those who cross them. Fearing that the family is getting wise to their con, Abigail (under the guise of Dr. Pinder-Schloss) convinces Gomez that his suspicions are due to displacement.
Gordon grows closer to the Addams family, particularly the children Wednesday and Pugsley, whom he helps to prepare a swordplay sequence for a school play. The Addamses throw a large party with their extended family and friends to celebrate Fester's return, during which Abigail plans to break into the vault. Wednesday overhears Abigail and Gordon discussing their scheme, and escapes them by hiding in the family cemetery. Tully learns that Fester, as the eldest brother, is the executor of the Addams estate and therefore technically owns the entire property. With the help of the Addamses' neighbor Judge George Womack, who Gomez has repeatedly angered by hitting golf balls at his house, Tully procures a restraining order against the family, banning them from the estate. Gomez attempts to fight the order in court, but Judge Womack rules against him out of spite.
While Abigail, Gordon, and Tully try repeatedly and unsuccessfully to get past the booby trap blocking access to the vault, the Addams family is forced to move into a motel and find jobs. Morticia tries her hand as a preschool teacher, Wednesday and Pugsley sell toxic lemonade, and Thing—the family's animate disembodied hand—becomes a courier. Gomez, despondent, sinks into depression and lethargy.
Morticia returns to the Addams home to confront Fester and is captured by Abigail and Tully, who torture her in an attempt to learn how to access the vault. Thing observes this and informs Gomez using Morse code, who gathers the family and rushes to Morticia's rescue. Abigail threatens Morticia's life if Gomez does not surrender the family fortune. Fed up with his mother's behavior and constant berating, Gordon turns against Abigail. Using a magical book which projects its contents into reality, he unleashes a hurricane in the house, which strikes his own head with lightning and launches Tully and Abigail out of a window and into open graves dug for them by Wednesday and Pugsley.
Gordon turns out to actually have been Fester all along, having suffered amnesia after being lost in the Bermuda Triangle and turning up in Miami, where Abigail had taken him in. The lightning strike has restored his memory and he is enthusiastically welcomed back into the Addams household. With the family whole again, Morticia informs Gomez that she is pregnant.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Hideaway
synopsis: After killing two women and ritualistically arranging their bodies as a sacrifice to Satan, a Devil worshipper (Sisto) invokes a Satanic verse in a room filled with candles and Satanic imagery. He then commits suicide by throwing himself onto an athame in order to damn his soul.
Hatch Harrison (Goldblum) is on a drive with his family. Harrison gets into a car accident and is pronounced dead, only to be revived two hours later by specialist Dr. Jonas Nyebern (Molina). His wife Lindsay (Lahti), and daughter Regina (Silverstone), were also involved in the car accident but escaped without serious injuries.
After the accident and subsequent revival, Harrison begins to experience mysterious visions. These involve him seeing murders through the eyes of a killer. Harrison realizes that the murders are actually happening when the women he sees being murdered are announced as missing in news reports. The character Harrison sees committing the murders is later shown to be the same character who committed suicide in the opening sequence. The man, who is identified as Vassago, talks to Harrison's daughter at a night club, which Harrison sees in his visions.
Harrison attempts to stop Vassago from murdering only to be told that he is experiencing mental problems by his family, his psychiatrist, and the police. Harrison visits a psychic (Chong) who confirms his beliefs and tells him that Vassago is also having visions in which he can see through Harrison's eyes. It is then revealed that Vassago, whose real name is Jeremy Nyebern, is the son of Dr. Nyebern and he had killed his mother and sister. After his suicide, he had been revived from the dead by his father.
Vassago then kidnaps Regina, taking her to an abandoned amusement park where he kills his father after being confronted by him. As Harrison and his wife find them, the souls of Vassago and Harrison collide in battle. Harrison (revealing himself to Vassago as Uriel, Vassago's antithesis) is the victor, killing Vassago and saving Regina. With his family safe, he exits the park with them.
The final scene after the credits shows Vassago being pulled in to be revived again. The operation is a success, but Vassago wakes up, takes a scalpel, and slits a nurse's throat. Hatch wakes up in his bed, realizing he was only dreaming. He then hugs Lindsay and falls back to sleep.
tags: murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Berberian Sound Studio
synopsis: British sound engineer Gilderoy (Toby Jones) arrives at the Berberian film studio in Italy to work on what he believes is a film about horses. During a surreal meeting with Francesco, the film's producer, Gilderoy is shocked to find the film is actually an Italian giallo film, The Equestrian Vortex. He nonetheless begins work in the studio, at one point made to do Foley work, using vegetables to create sound effects for the film's increasingly gory torture sequences, and mixing voiceovers from session artists, Silvia and Claudia, into the score.
As time passes, and Gilderoy feels more and more disconnected from his mother at home, he begins to fear he's out of his depth. His colleagues seem increasingly rude – to both himself and to each other. The horror sequences grow ever more shocking, yet Santini, the director, refuses to admit they are working on a horror film. And, after a long passage through the bureaucracy of the film studio's accounts department, it turns out the plane ticket Gilderoy submitted for a refund can't be processed because the flight didn't actually exist.
The plot, from here on in, grows increasingly erratic. Gilderoy hears and sees things in the night. He discovers Silvia, the voiceover artist, was molested by Santini. She storms out, destroying much of their work, forcing Gilderoy to re-record the dialogue with a new actress, Elisa. As Silvia's recording sequences are revisited again, and tension grows between Gilderoy and the others, the boundaries between the blood-drenched giallo thriller and real life begin to erode. Gilderoy imagines he himself is in a film about his life – suddenly fluent in Italian and increasingly detached and vicious. After he and Francesco essentially torture Elisa during a recording session, she walks out, leaving history to repeat itself yet again, and Gilderoy to contemplate the monster he has become.
tags: insanity,  psychedelic,  horror,  psychological,  atmospheric, 

title: The Addams Family
synopsis: Gomez Addams laments the 25-year absence of his brother Fester, who disappeared after the two had a falling-out. Gomez's lawyer Tully Alford owes money to loan shark Abigail Craven, and notices that her son Gordon closely resembles Fester. Tully proposes that Gordon pose as Fester to infiltrate the Addams household and find the hidden vault where they keep their vast riches. Tully and his wife Margaret attend a séance at the Addams home led by Grandmama in which the family tries to contact Fester's spirit. Gordon arrives, posing as Fester, while Abigail poses as psychiatrist Dr. Pinder-Schloss and tells the family that Fester had been lost in the Bermuda Triangle for the past 25 years.
Gomez, overjoyed to have Fester back, takes him to the family vault to view home movies from their childhood. Gordon learns the reason for the brothers' falling-out: Gomez was jealous of Fester's success with women, and wooed the conjoined twins Flora and Fauna Amor away from him out of envy. Gomez starts to suspect that Fester is an impostor when he is unable to recall important details about their past. Gordon attempts to return to the vault, but is unable to get past a booby trap. Gomez's wife Morticia reminds Fester of the importance of family amongst the Addamses and of their vengeance against those who cross them. Fearing that the family is getting wise to their con, Abigail (under the guise of Dr. Pinder-Schloss) convinces Gomez that his suspicions are due to displacement.
Gordon grows closer to the Addams family, particularly the children Wednesday and Pugsley, whom he helps to prepare a swordplay sequence for a school play. The Addamses throw a large party with their extended family and friends to celebrate Fester's return, during which Abigail plans to break into the vault. Wednesday overhears Abigail and Gordon discussing their scheme, and escapes them by hiding in the family cemetery. Tully learns that Fester, as the eldest brother, is the executor of the Addams estate and therefore technically owns the entire property. With the help of the Addamses' neighbor Judge George Womack, who Gomez has repeatedly angered by hitting golf balls at his house, Tully procures a restraining order against the family, banning them from the estate. Gomez attempts to fight the order in court, but Judge Womack rules against him out of spite.
While Abigail, Gordon, and Tully try repeatedly and unsuccessfully to get past the booby trap blocking access to the vault, the Addams family is forced to move into a motel and find jobs. Morticia tries her hand as a preschool teacher, Wednesday and Pugsley sell toxic lemonade, and Thing—the family's animate disembodied hand—becomes a courier. Gomez, despondent, sinks into depression and lethargy.
Morticia returns to the Addams home to confront Fester and is captured by Abigail and Tully, who torture her in an attempt to learn how to access the vault. Thing observes this and informs Gomez using Morse code, who gathers the family and rushes to Morticia's rescue. Abigail threatens Morticia's life if Gomez does not surrender the family fortune. Fed up with his mother's behavior and constant berating, Gordon turns against Abigail. Using a magical book which projects its contents into reality, he unleashes a hurricane in the house, which strikes his own head with lightning and launches Tully and Abigail out of a window and into open graves dug for them by Wednesday and Pugsley.
Gordon turns out to actually have been Fester all along, having suffered amnesia after being lost in the Bermuda Triangle and turning up in Miami, where Abigail had taken him in. The lightning strike has restored his memory and he is enthusiastically welcomed back into the Addams household. With the family whole again, Morticia informs Gomez that she is pregnant.
tags: comedy,  horror,  gothic, 

title: A Fantastic Fear of Everything
synopsis: Jack is a children's author whose happy marriage has been destroyed by his obsession with his unpublished first book, Harold the Hedgehog. He is working on a series of scripts titled Decades of Death, about Victorian era serial killers. He has become obsessed with serial killers and paranoid that people are watching him and trying to kill him, which isn't helped by the fact that a serial killer called the Hanoi Handshake Killer, who cuts off the fingers of his victims, has been active in his neighbourhood.
While trying to give money in a sock to carolers, Jack is startled by a phone call from his agent, Claire. She tells him that Harvey Humphries, the head of scripts at the BBC, is interested in Jack's scripts and arranges a meeting between the two in just a few hours. Jack convinces himself that Humphries is a serial killer but plans to attend the meeting anyway.
Jack tries to clean his clothes in the oven to be presentable for his meeting with Humphries, only to find that he has super-glued a carving knife to his hand. After trying to remove the knife, he discovers that his clothes are ruined. Jack realises that he has to go to the laundrette. Since he is terrified of the prospect, he calls Professor Friedkin, an old friend, and asks for help. After listening to Jack's traumatic memories of the launderette, Friedkin convinces Jack that he must confront his fears and go there.
While at the laundrette, he doesn't understand how the machines work. Frustrating the fellow patrons, he decides to just dry the clothes because he doesn't have time to wash them again. A beautiful young woman then enters, causing Jack further distress, so he rushes to remove his damp clothes from the dryer so he can leave. Forgetting that the carving knife is still glued to his hand, he removes his hand from his pocket and causes the other customers to panic and lock him in the laundrette.
The police arrive, break into the laundrette and subdue Jack. The police remove the knife from his hand and treat his wounds. They are about to take him to the police station when a helicopter flies over and announces that there is an emergency and they are needed elsewhere. They hastily throw Jack into the back of the police van and drive off, but he falls out of the vehicle as it begins driving.
Perkins, a community support police officer, follows the young woman while Jack returns to the laundrette to get his clean shirt for his meeting. While Jack is changing into his shirt, he notices that a back door that had been locked is now open. He goes through the door and finds a hatch in the floor. As he looks through the hatch, someone hits him from behind.
Jack wakes up in the basement of the laundrette tied up next to the young woman. As they begin to panic, Perkins comes down the stairs. They urge him to get help but he reveals that he is the Hanoi Handshake Killer; he cuts the fingers off of his victims and blames the killings on the Vietnamese mafia. Perkins says the laundrette used to belong to his grandmother until the Vietnamese immigrants pushed her out, and he now murders for revenge. He then goes upstairs to sharpen his knife.
Jack tells the woman about the traumatic events in his childhood regarding the launderette, and she comforts him and urges him not to give up hope. She says her name is Sangeet and Jack asks her if she will have dinner with him if they survive. Perkins returns carrying a boombox playing the song The Final Countdown by Europe. Perkins and Jack argue about the song's genre, causing Perkins to tell them about his childhood. His mother died when he was very young and his grandmother took him in and gave him a room in the cellar. During this story we see that this was the same launderette that Jack was abandoned in and he was being watched by Perkins from the back room.
Jack and Sangeet try to get Perkins to admit that his grandmother did not take proper care of him. Jack argues that Tony is not a good serial killer because he is not original (he supposedly has his grandmother's body in a rocking chair, which references the film Psycho.)
Sangeet frees herself and injures Perkins as he is about to murder Jack. Sangeet tries to escape but Perkins recovers and drags her back into the cellar. As Perkins is struggling with Sangeet, she frantically suggests that Jack tell a story. Jack convinces Perkins to listen to a story as his final request. Jack tells a story called Brian the Hedgehog; Perkins relates to the story and cries, admitting that he didn't kill the first victim and he had only found the body. The owner of the launderette opens the hatch, prompting Jack and Sangeet to scream for help.
Several months later, we see a well-groomed Jack reading his book about Harold and Brian to a group of children. Sangeet and Professor Friedkin are there. Clair finally introduces Jack to Humphries, causing Jack to become briefly fearful. Sangeet reminds Jack that they are going to dinner, and so they leave the event and catch a taxi as the credits roll over the frame.
tags: comedy,  horror,  psychedelic,  entertaining, 

title: Flight 7500
synopsis: Flight 7500 departs from Los Angeles to Tokyo. Passengers on board include a group of two vacationing couples, Jenn (Aja Evans) and Jack (Ben Sharples) and Brad (Ryan Kwanten) and Pia (Amy Smart), who have secretly broken up; a thief named Jake (Alex Frost); a suspicious businessman traveling with a strange wooden box, Lance (Rick Kelly); a young woman named Raquel (Christian Serratos); newlyweds Rick (Jerry Ferrara) and the snobby Liz (Nicky Whelan); and the goth Jacinta (Scout Taylor-Compton). Air hostesses Laura (Leslie Bibb) and Suzy (Jamie Chung) welcome the passengers on board, and Suzy questions Laura about her secret relationship with the married captain, Pete (Johnathon Schaech).
A few hours into the flight, the plane hits turbulence that soon passes.
Lance has a panic attack and begins to bleed profusely from his mouth. When Lance suddenly dies, Captain Pete continues to Japan, moving the first-class passengers into economy and keeping Lance's body in the closed-off first class.
Laura notices plastic water bottles collapsing and quickly warns everyone to fasten their seatbelts, just as the cabin pressure drops. As the oxygen masks are dispensed above the seats, a thick smoke fills the cabin. After the cabin pressure returns to normal and the smoke disappears, Laura finds Raquel unconscious in the toilet and revives her with an oxygen tank. Meanwhile, the plane's radio has stopped working and Captain Pete cannot contact Tokyo air traffic controllers.
Jake goes to first class to steal from Lance's body when the body suddenly moves. Suzy notices that Jake, and Lance's body, have both disappeared. When Laura notices an F-16 fighter jet flying beside their plane and calls the cockpit to inform Pete, he replies that no fighter jets are present. Brad's in-flight TV show (The Twilight Zone episode Nightmare at 20,000 Feet) distorts and shows an image of Lance, while Liz is startled by a reflection of Lance on her laptop screen. Raquel returns to the washroom to do a pregnancy test and is relieved to find it negative. However, smoke begins to fill the toilet and a hand grabs her and pulls her into the floor.
The images of Lance appearing on their screens leads the group to search his belongings. Inside his carry-on are multiple tubes of hair with women's names taped onto them. They open Lance's small wooden box and find a death doll, which Jacinta explains is a shinigami — a being who collects peoples souls after they die, but only if they let go of whatever is holding them to this world. Subsequently, Suzy informs Laura that Lance's death has made her realize she does not want to marry her fiancé, which in turn leads to Laura breaking up with Pete.
Laura searches Lance's checked luggage, entering the hold through a small hatch. A hand emerges and drags Laura away. As Suzy waits for Laura by the hatch, another hand grabs at her. Suzy runs into first class, while a cloud of smoke follows her. The smoke quickly clears and Brad, Pia, Rick, Liz and Jacinta rush to find out what is wrong. As Suzy walks towards them, one of the overhead compartments opens and she disappears into it. While the others rush towards the cockpit, Jacinta accepts that her only option is death, and she willingly walks towards an unknown figure which appears before her. The others discover that Captain Pete, Jenn and Jack are dead.
The television in the cabin suddenly switches on, showing a breaking news story that Flight 7500 suffered a catastrophic decompression, communication had been lost, and a fighter jet has confirmed the death of everyone on board. Each of the group find their own deceased body, before Brad and Pia accept their death and reconcile. Some time after, Liz awakens to find the plane empty. She hears a strange noise coming from one of the waste bins, a discoloured hand appears and Liz ducks out of frame.
tags: mystery,  horror, 

title: Under Wraps
synopsis: Three 12-year-old kids discover a mummy in the basement of a dead man's house. It comes alive due to the conjunction of the moonlight during that time of the month. They are scared of him at first, but with time discover he is friendly, if clumsy and confused. The kids name the mummy Harold, and decide he will temporarily take up residence in one kid's bedroom. After paying a visit to their Halloween-obsessed friend, Bruce, they discover that if the mummy is not put back in his coffin before midnight on Halloween, the mummy will cease to exist.
However, the sarcophagus is in the hands of the dead man, known as Mr. Kubat, who feigned his death to avoid paying his taxes. Upon finding out that the mummy has escaped from the coffin, he orders his henchmen to look for the mummy and bring it back in time, as he is selling it to an interested buyer. On top of that, there are a few other obstacles that follow by. For one thing, Harold's unusual appearance may attract unwanted attention as Halloween night draws closer. Meanwhile, they find out that Harold used to be in love with another mummy who comes alive at the end.
tags: horror, 

title: We Are What We Are
synopsis: During a torrential downpour, a woman, later identified as Emma Parker, confusedly staggers into a store as the butcher receives a delivery. After several attempts to address her, she finally responds and explains that the foul weather has strongly affected her. The butcher says that it will get worse before it gets better, and she purchases groceries. As she leaves the store, she sees a poster that advertises missing teenage girls. Before she can reach her car, she begins bleeding from her mouth and loses consciousness as she falls into a rain-filled ditch, where she drowns.
Later, the sheriff tells Frank Parker that his wife, Emma, has died. Consumed by grief, Frank does not show up to identify the body but instead sends his two daughters, Rose and Iris. Doctor Barrow, who delivered Frank's young son Rory, explains that an autopsy is mandated by the state. During the examination, he finds evidence of Kuru disease. Meanwhile, Frank is comforted by his kindhearted neighbor Marge, and, while driving through the storm later, finds a motorist in need of assistance; the film implies that he attacks her with a tire iron.
Interspersed are scenes from a book the oldest daughter is reading, a journal of the family from pioneer times telling of hunger and hardship in the winter. The men of the party have mostly been lost in the wilderness, and the women may not survive the winter.
Rose and Iris debate whether they are prepared to take over their mother's religious duties, but Iris is adamant that they perform this year's ritual. Rory, too, has trouble keeping the family's past. Eventually, Rory wanders into his father's shed and finds a young woman held hostage. Frank angrily demands that Rory leave, then forces his daughters to kill and butcher the captive. They reluctantly obey, and the entire family eats her remains after a bit of urging from Frank. Marge attempts to deliver a vegetarian meal to the Parkers, noting she thinks she heard a woman crying in the shed, but she receives an icy welcome from Iris.
Back in pioneer times the family has taken shelter in a cave, but the girls fear the father is losing his mind, keeping to himself in the depths of the cave and crying at night. Eventually he leads the girls down to where he has been keeping their only food source, one of the women in the party who died (possibly their mother), tied to a rack with pieces cut off of her. he hands his oldest daughter a knife and points to the carcass. She is grim and resolute.
Barrow, whose daughter previously went missing, becomes suspicious when he finds a bone fragment in a creek. Though Sheriff Meeks brushes off his concerns, Barrow is able to convince Deputy Anders to investigate. Anders finds more evidence in the creek, only to be confronted by Iris, on whom he has a crush. Iris leads him to a secluded spot, and Anders confesses his feelings for her. Confused and overwhelmed with guilt, Iris breaks into tears. As Anders comforts her, they begin to have sex, but Frank finds them and kills Anders. Disgusted, he tells Iris to return home.
Frank orders the girls to stay in their bedroom, and they form a plan to escape. Frank prays alone in his room, muttering that they have kept their tradition and will be joining their mother soon. While Frank recites prayers, Rose takes the car keys. When Frank prepares dinner, he takes a jar full of powder and adds it to the soup. As the children set the table, Rose notices white powder residue and realizes Frank is planning to poison them with arsenic. She unsuccessfully attempts to alert Iris, then knocks Rory's bowl on the floor to prevent him from eating. Before Frank can react, Barrow, whose research has turned up evidence that the Parkers may have engaged in cannibalism, arrives at the home and confronts Frank, demanding to know what happened to Anders and his daughter, whose hair ornament he sees Iris is wearing. Frank stalls for time as he reaches for his pistol, and Iris jumps in front of Barrow to protect him. Frank accidentally wounds his daughter, and Barrow shoots Frank.
Frank survives and knocks out Barrow. Rose and Rory flee the house in a panic, and they take refuge with Marge. Frank breaks into Marge's house and kills her, then convinces Rose and Rory to rejoin him. Back at Frank's house, he again urges his children to eat. When he tells Rose that she looks like her deceased mother, Rose bites into her father’s neck, tearing away a chunk of his flesh, while Iris stabs her father through the hand. Together, the girls bite into him, ripping away his flesh and devouring it until their father dies. Rose notices Barrow, barely conscious, has witnessed the whole thing, and she places his daughter's stolen hair ornament on his chest. The next morning, the children leave town, and Rose brings a diary that details their ancestor's memories of cannibalism, implying their tradition will live on.
tags: dramatic,  horror,  atmospheric, 

title: Gremlins 2: The New Batch
synopsis: After the death of his owner Mr. Wing, the mogwai Gizmo becomes the guinea pig of scientists at Clamp Enterprises, a state-of-the-art office building in Manhattan, run by eccentric billionaire Daniel Clamp. At the mercy of the chief researcher Dr. Catheter, Gizmo is rescued by his friend Billy Peltzer and his fiancee Kate, both of whom work for the company. Clamp befriends Billy upon being impressed by his skills in concept design, also sparking the interest of Billy's superior Marla Bloodstone. Gizmo is left in the office, where water spills on his head and spawns new mogwai, including Mohawk, who then has Gizmo locked in the vents. They eat after midnight, turning into gremlins.
After Gizmo finds a way out of the vent, Mohawk tortures him while the other gremlins cause the fire sprinklers to go off and spawn a gremlin army that throws the building into chaos. Billy attempts to lure the gremlins into the lobby, where sunlight will kill them; after Billy briefs Clamp on gremlin knowledge, Clamp exits through a secret tunnel to cover the front of the building in a giant sheet to trick the creatures. The gremlins devour serums in the lab; one becomes the intelligent Brain Gremlin, who plans to use a genetic sunblock serum to immunize them to sunlight. One gremlin turns into a female, while a third becomes pure electricity and is trapped in Clamp's answering machine by Billy. All the while Grandpa Fred watches the chaos on camera with help from a Japanese tourist named Mr. Katsuji.
Murray Futterman, Billy's neighbor from Kingston Falls who is visiting New York City, encounters a bat-hybrid gremlin and covers it with cement, effectively turning it into a gargoyle. Murray realizes that he is not crazy and that he has to help; when Clamp escapes the building using a secret route, Murray uses it to sneak inside to aid Billy. Billy and the chief of security Forster team up, but Forster is stalked and trapped by the female gremlin. Mohawk finishes torturing Gizmo and devours a spider serum, transforming into a monstrous half-gremlin half-spider hybrid. He attacks Kate and Marla, but Gizmo confronts Mohawk and kills him with an ignited bottle of white-out. Outside, a rainstorm frustrates Clamp's plan as the gremlins gather in the building's foyer, singing New York, New York.
Billy formulates a plan to kill the Gremlin army: Mr. Futterman sprays the army with water while Billy releases the electric gremlin, electrocuting them. Clamp charges in with the police and press, but sees the battle is over; he is so thrilled by the end result that he gives Billy, Kate, Fred, and Marla promotions and hires Mr. Katsuji as a cameraman. Billy and Kate then return home with Gizmo.
tags: cult,  horror,  satire, 

title: Aloha, Scooby-Doo!
synopsis: The gang travels to Hawaii on a free trip from a surfing company called Goha Aloha. The company wants Daphne to design some new swimwear for them. The gang also goes there to see the Big Kahuna of Hanahuna Surfing Contest. However, the contest used to only be open for the natives and not for mainlanders, but now the mayor has made it open for everybody. Many locals are angry because of this, especially Manu Tuiama, a beefcake local surfer, and his friend, Little Jim. Just a few days before the contest, the demons of the evil Wiki-Tiki spirit attacked the village and kidnapped Snookie, Manu's beautiful girlfriend. This drives away most of the tourists and surfers, and the locals believe the spirit is angry that the surfing contest is open to anybody, and also that a new resort, Coconut Beach Condominiums, is being built on supposedly sacred ground by local real estate agent Ruben Laluna. When the gang meets Jared Moon, a representative from the Goha Aloha-company in Hanahuna, he's selling tiki charms that are supposed to ward off evil demons. The mayor refuses to postpone the contest, even after the Tiki demons attack again at a feast.
The gang wants to get to the bottom of the mystery, and go to Auntie Mahina, a local shawoman who lives deep in the jungle. On the way there, Manu seemingly gets kidnapped by the Wiki-Tiki. Auntie Mahina tells them the Wiki-Tiki is angry at the mainlanders; the surfing contest is hinted by her to be a Hawaiian ritual and that the winner has to be of Hawaiian descent. She says they need to go to the cave where the monster lives to get rid of it, or Snookie and Manu will be sacrificed in the volcano. She also gives Fred a necklace which should keep the monster away. The necklace is filled with an extract from a sacred root called bola gawana, which she claims that the ancients used to repel away evil spirits. The gang goes to the cave, and get chased by bats and the little demons, until they lose them and find Snookie, who tries to lead them out before getting recaptured by the Wiki-Tiki.
The gang then find themselves in a snake pit cave, but are able to get out of it because of music by Shaggy and Scooby-Doo. Then they find that the Wiki-Tiki is not really an evil spirit after all. They find the demons are just robots and the cave they are in is inside the volcano on the island. They also see the surfboard the Wiki-Tiki is using is a Goha Aloha-brand surfboard. Back at the island, it is only one day until the contest, and the locals are really scared something bad will happen. Little Jim blames the mayor for Snookie and Manu's disappearances, and says that whatever happens during the contest will be her fault as well.
The following day, Daphne enters the contest in hopes of capturing the Wiki-Tiki, whom they are sure will show up. Sure enough, it comes and scares the surfers and chases Shaggy and Scooby, until it was washed up by a wave. The gang unmasks the Wiki-Tiki, and find it to be Manu, who wanted to scare off both the locals and the tourists so he and Snookie (whose real name is revealed to be Pamela Waeawa) could buy up all (or at least most) of the real estate on the island and then sell it back to the original owners at a big profit. Velma also says that Snookie's an expert in rocket science and robotics, and created the demons. Scooby wins the contest for the way he and Shaggy surfed while battling Manu. Manu expresses his shock and anger at losing the surfing contest to a dog as he and Snookie are arrested and taken to jail.
Later that night, the gang plus the mayor, Little Jim, Jared Moon, Ruben Laluna and Auntie Mahina enjoy a big luau at the hotel the gang was staying at—during which Laluna informs them that the property bought up by Manu and Snookie will be returned to the original owners and Jared Moon tells Daphne that the Goha Aloha-company loved her designs and wants to buy them (he also gives her a free tiki charm). After Auntie Mahina thanks the gang for what they did, the mini-tikis come to the party and advance—but, instead of attacking people, they start dancing. It's revealed that Scooby has the remote control for them and he's the one making them dance. Everyone laughs while Scooby says his catchphrase before saying Aloha!.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: The Black Cauldron
synopsis: In the land of Prydain, Taran is an assistant pig-keeper on the small farm of Caer Dallben, home of Dallben the Enchanter. Dallben learns that the Horned King is searching for a mystical relic known as the Black Cauldron, which is capable of creating an invincible army of undead warriors, the Cauldron-Born. Dallben fears the Horned King may try to steal his pig Hen Wen, which has oracular powers, and use her to locate the cauldron. Dallben directs Taran to take Hen Wen to safety; unfortunately, Taran's foolish daydreaming causes Hen Wen to be captured by the Horned King's forces.
Taran follows them to the Horned King's stronghold. Along the way, he encounters the small, pestering companion Gurgi, who joins Taran on his search. Frustrated by Gurgi's antics, Taran leaves the former to sneak into the castle and rescues Hen Wen, but although Hen Wen escapes from the castle, Taran is arrested and thrown into the dungeon. A fellow captive named Princess Eilonwy frees Taran as she is trying to make her own escape. In the catacombs beneath the castle, Taran and Eilonwy discover the ancient burial chamber of a king, where Taran arms himself with the king's sword. It contains magic that allows him effectively to fight the Horned King's minions and so to fulfill his dream of heroism. Along with a third prisoner, the comical, middle-aged bard Fflewddur Fflam, they escape from the castle and are soon reunited with Gurgi. Upon discovering that Taran has escaped, the Horned King orders his dwarf companion Creeper to send the Gwythaints to follow Taran and bring him back alive.
Following Hen Wen's trail, the four stumble into the underground kingdom of the Fair Folk who reveal that Hen Wen is under their protection. When the cheerful, elderly King Eiddileg reveals that he knows where the cauldron is, Taran resolves to go destroy it himself. Eilonwy, Fflewddur, and Gurgi agree to join him and Eiddileg's obnoxious right-hand man Doli is assigned to lead them to the Marshes of Morva while the Fair Folk agree to escort Hen Wen safely back to Caer Dallben. At the marshes they learn that the cauldron is held by three witches—the grasping Orddu, who acts as leader; the greedy Orgoch; and the more benevolent Orwen, who falls in love with Fflewddur at first sight, which causes a frightened Doli to abandon the group. Orddu agrees to trade the cauldron for Taran's sword, and he reluctantly agrees, although he knows that to yield it will cost his chance for heroism. Before vanishing, the witches reveal that the cauldron is indestructible, and that its power can only be broken by someone who climbs in under his own free will, which will kill him. Although Taran feels foolish for aspiring to destroy the cauldron alone, his companions show their belief in him; and it seems that Eilonwy and Taran will kiss. Suddenly, the celebration is interrupted by the Horned King's soldiers who have finally reached the marshes themselves. They seize the cauldron and arrest everyone but Gurgi, and take their prisoners back to the castle. The Horned King uses the cauldron to raise the dead and his Cauldron-born army begins to pour out into the world.
Gurgi manages to free the captives and Taran decides to cast himself into the cauldron, but Gurgi stops him and jumps into the cauldron himself. The undead army collapses. When the Horned King spots Taran at large, he infers the turn of events and saying that Taran has interfered for the last time, throws the youth toward the cauldron; however, the cauldron's magic is out of control. It consumes the Horned King in a tunnel of fire and blood, as well as destroying the castle, using up all its powers forever. The three witches come to recover the now-inert Black Cauldron. However, Taran has finally realized Gurgi's true friendship, and he persuades them to revive the wild thing in exchange for the cauldron, forcing him to give up his magical sword permanently. Fflewddur challenges the reluctant witches to demonstrate their powers by the revival, and upon hearing Fflewddur's remarks, the witches honor the request, restoring Gurgi back to life. The four friends then journey back to Caer Dallben where Dallben and Doli watch them in a vision created by Hen Wen, and Dallben finally praises Taran for his heroism despite the fact that he prefers to be a Pig-Boy.
tags: fantasy,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  romantic, 

title: Scary Movie
synopsis: Teenager Drew Decker is home alone when she receives a phone call. The caller is persistent to find out her name, but she doesn't give in. The caller then reveals he is looking at her. Scared, Drew grabs a baseball bat and answers the front door (thinking it is the caller behind) and attacks a group of trick-or-treaters. The caller then appears in her house, dressed as Ghostface, and proceeds to chase her outside, where he rips her clothes off, which leaves her in white bra and thong. She runs into the sprinklers in her bikini; the killer catches up with her and stabs her in the breast and pulls out an implant. She runs along the road and sees her father, only to be run over by him while being distracted by her mother giving him fellatio. She is then murdered.Cindy Campbell is on her computer when her boyfriend Bobby Prinze appears in the window. Bobby is upset because his relationship with Cindy isn't going anywhere (i.e., they have not slept together). Even though he expresses this to her, she refuses and Bobby leaves.The next day in school, Cindy meets with Bobby and the rest of her friends, Brenda Meeks, Greg Phillipe, Ray Wilkins, and Buffy Gilmore. At the school, news teams are trying to interview the police and students who knew the girl who was killed the night before (her name is known as Drew Decker). The most prominent among the reporters is Gail Hailstorm, author of the recently released book You're Dead, I'm Rich. Cindy points out to the others that Drew's murder happened exactly one year after they accidentally killed a man during a night of drunk driving, and dumped his body off a pier. Greg swears the group to a pact that they will reveal what happened that night, and becomes physically abusive to Cindy when she exhibits reluctance.One class, Cindy receives a note from someone telling her that they know about the incident with the man they killed. Cindy looks outside to see the killer waving at her.After football practice, Ray and Greg are in the locker room with a bunch of other guys, and when Ray and everyone else leaves Greg for the showers (Don't let Uncle Ray catch you!), the latter goes off to the punching bag. After he finishes and take a shower, he finds a note tucked in the door of his locker showing a picture of his small penis. Enraged, he goes to Cindy and the others and tells them about the note, and is ridiculed for it.Buffy, competing in a beauty pageant, does a dramatic acting piece during the talent portion. During her reading, Greg is murdered by the killer in the balcony. Seeing this, Buffy attempts to warn everyone, but her desperate pleas are taken by the audience and judges as an exceptional acting performance and Buffy stops caring about Greg when she won.That night, Cindy is attacked by the killer, but she calls the cops and the killer escapes. Bobby shows up with the same gloves and knife as the killer, and is arrested. Cindy goes to stay with Buffy that night but receives a call from the real killer, which results in Bobby's release. Bobby and Cindy later bump into each other at school, but their reconciliation is awkward, stemming in part from Cindy not getting over Ginger Spice leaving the Spice Girls.The killer confronts Buffy in the girls' locker room. Making a sarcastic, meta-fictional observation about horror movie clichés, Buffy mocks the killer, even as he stabs her, and continues to do so even after he decapitates her. In order to get her to really shut up, he throws her head in the lost and found bucket.Ray and Brenda go to the movies to watch Shakespeare in Love. Ray, while in a bathroom stall, peeps in on another occupant, and is impaled through the head with a penis. The killer then attempts to kill Brenda in the auditorium, but because of her discourteous behavior, the other patrons kill her before he has a chance.During a party at her house, Cindy has sex with Bobby. At the same time, the killer shows up at Shorty's house to kill him and his friends, but gets high on marijuana with them instead. When they are rapping with each other, the killer raps and kills everyone at the same time except for Shorty, who was beside him all the time. Shorty congratulates the killer for the rap.At Cindy's house, the killer shows up and apparently stabs Bobby. As Cindy attempts to attend to Bobby's wound, Bobby shoots Shorty in the lung, causing marijuana smoke to exude. He reveals that the blood from his wound is ketchup, as he was never stabbed at all. Ray then appears, very much alive, and reveals that he and Bobby are copying the killer. When Cindy asks for a motive, Bobby points out that they don't need one, because horror movies like Scream do not boast logically coherent elements like plot or motive. Bobby also sarcastically suggests that it was lack of sex that drove him to do this, and reveals that he and Ray are gay lovers who will start a new life once they kill Cindy, a crime they will get away with because they are merely copycatting a real serial killer who actually exists. To conceal their guilt, they decide to stab one another in order so that the authorities will believe them to be victims of the real killer. As Ray stabs Bobby, Cindy yells You guys are psychos! You've seen one too many TV shows!, only to have Ray respond angrily stabs Bobby to death while saying Watching television shows doesn't create psycho killers - canceling TV shows does! The Wayans Brothers was a good show - and we didn't even get a final episode! (thus breaking character, since the actor playing Ray is Shawn Wayans). However, the real killer appears shortly afterwards, stabbing Ray to death.The killer then attacks Cindy, but after she repels him, he escapes. The police show up and take Cindy to the police station, where they find out that Buffy's brother Doofy (Dave Sheridan) was actually faking his mental retardation and is the real killer,(The Usual Suspects style) and is in cahoots with Gail Hailstorm. After Doofy and Gail escape, the sheriff and Cindy find Doofy's disguise in the street and as Cindy cries out in the street over this discovery, she is run over by a passing car, while the driver is getting fellatio.During the end credits, two scenes are shown:~ Shorty talking to the audience about his plans to rob a supermarket.~ Doofy breaking up with his vacuum and making love with it.
tags: comedy,  murder,  adult comedy,  stupid,  bleak,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  psychedelic,  humor,  revenge,  entertaining, 

title: Darkman
synopsis: In an unidentified city a gangster, Eddie Black, and his henchmen, await the arrival of another gangster, Robert Durant. Durant has been encroaching on Black's territory and Black is seeking revenge. When Durant and his crew arrive, they're immediately searched for weapons and allowed to enter the warehouse. Black delivers his terms, which demand that Durant move out of his territory. Durant nods at one of his crew, Smiley, who grabs the fake leg of one of his comrades and begins shooting at Black's men with an Uzi hidden in the fake limb. Black's men are quickly defeated and killed, leaving Black himself alive. Durant gives Black his terms, cutting off one of his rival's fingers for each with a cigar cutter. (It is revealed later that Durant preserves the fingers of his enemies and keeps them as trophies.)In a science lab Dr. Peyton Westlake experiments with artificial skin cells. However, all his attempts to create fake skin have failed; none of the samples he creates will remain stable after 99 minutes of exposure to light. Westlake's girlfriend, Julie Hastings, comes to his apartment later and brings a private memorandum from her office. The two share a romantic evening together.Julie notices that the memo is connected to shady dealings of her boss, Louis Strack. When Strack warns Julie to stop her investigation of the alleged connection, she refuses. Later, she leaves Westlake's lab just as he suggests they should get married. Julie is unsure of marrying him. Westlake returns to his scientific work and, as the timer closes in on 99 minutes, the lights go out in the lab. Westlake's assistant, Yakatito, reports that the skin cells are stable past 100 minutes. Westlake says that the key to the experiment has something to do with light. As Westlake goes to make a phone call, Durant appears and has his goons begin beating Westlake. Durant demands the memo Julie had found that would implicate her boss, which she had left at the apartment. Westlake tells them he knows nothing about it. Durant has Yakatito shot and his goons beat the doctor more, dipping him in a vat of boiling fluid that scars his face. He also burns his hands on the vat's electrodes. Durant's crew finds the memo and leave Westlake for dead; Durant himself sets a fuse to ignite flammable gas. Westlake's lab explodes, launching him through the roof and he falls, on fire, into the river, just as Julie arrives and sees the conflagration. Julie later attends Westlake's funeral, though there are almost no remains to be buried.Westlake is found by a medical team that takes him to a neurological clinic. Assumed to be a homeless person, they perform surgery to sever the nerves that transmit pain impulses, which relieves him from the pain from the damage to his hands and face. However, there is a serious side effect; Westlake's emotions, particularly anger and rage, become amplified. He also becomes physically stronger as well. Westlake escapes from the institution and begins to live on the streets. Donning a raincoat, he finds Julie as she leaves her apartment and tries to talk to her, however, his burnt face prevents him from doing so. Julie doesn't recognize him and rejects him as a homeless man. Westlake returns to his destroyed lab and salvages as much of his equipment as he can. Setting himself up in an abandoned factory, he continues his work on the artificial skin and plots his revenge against Durant and his thugs. He uses his computer system to make a mask of his own face, however, the process will take several weeks.Westlake first shadows Durant's man, Rick. He kidnaps him and takes him below street level, coercing him into revealing Durant's name. Westlake then thrusts Rick up through a manhole where he's crushed under the wheels of a semi-truck. Westlake uses his technology to reproduce the faces of Durant's thugs. He first imitates a man named Paulie by drugging him in his sleep and taking his place at a money drop off, stealing the cash in a briefcase. When Durant finds Paulie in his apartment, he finds that Paulie has two tickets (planted by Westlake) for Rio, one for him and one for Rick. Infuriated, Durant has Paulie thrown out the window to his death. Westlake, sitting nearby, and still wearing Paulie's false face, is a witness. He runs off when the skin begins to decompose and a woman screams.Every attempt by Westlake to perfect his skin formula fails. However, his computer completes the necessary reconstruction of his own face and he meets with Julie, finding her at his grave. The two begin to date again, with Westlake telling her that he'd been in a specialized institution in a coma. One day, he takes her to a carnival where he's cheated out of a prize by one of the staff. Enraged, he breaks the man's fingers and his false face begins to decompose. He runs back to his refuge, where Julie finds his work. Westlake refuses to come out of his hiding place.Westlake next turns his attention to Durant. Donning Durant's face, he holds up a convenience store, making sure to identify himself on the security camera. The police arrest Durant and while he's incarcerated, Westlake goes with his thugs to a meeting with a Chinese gangster, Hung Fat. The man owes Durant a hefty sum of money but refuses to pay him until Westlake holds a match to his arm, burning himself severely. Fat coughs up the money immediately. Meanwhile, Durant has posted bail and rushes to the meeting site in Chinatown. When he tries to enter the building through a revolving door, he runs straight into Westlake. In the confusion, Westlake knocks Durant to the ground and, while yelling at one of Durant's goons, his false skin begins to fail. He bolts from the scene and escapes while Durant and his goons shoot at him.Julie meets with Strack again, who tells her that her life is in danger because of her association with Westlake. Julie leaves and Strack calls in Durant himself, who works for the tycoon. Strack orders Durant to find and kill Westlake. Julie will be the bait when she next goes to his hideout. When Julie does, Durant's gang kidnaps her and chases Westlake through the factory. He dispatches several of them wearing his disguises. One man has the misfortune of being shot by his friend while gagged and wearing a false face of Westlake. Westlake next turns his attention to Durant, who is riding in a helicopter. Westlake grabs onto a hook at the end of a long cable and is flown through the city. Flying over a highway, Durant has him lowered into traffic. Westlake lands on the top of a trailer and hooks the chopper to it, which is pulled into a bridge and destroyed when the truck goes under it.Westlake once again imitates Durant and meets with him at one of Strack's construction sites. Julie has been brought along. Strack tricks Westlake into revealing his identity and snatches the Durant mask off his head. Westlake fights with Strack's thugs, one of whom drops Julie onto a bundle of cables, where she dangles precariously. Westlake defeats all of Strack's men and uses a cable and hook to save Julie. When Strack corners him, he uses a bolt gun to pin Westlake's hand to a girder. As he moves in to kill him, Westlake rips his hand from the bolt and eventually throws Strack off the building to his death. In the elevator down, Westlake tells Julie of his shame at being disfigured and how he can never be with her again. He dons a final disguise (Sam Raimi regular, Bruce Campbell, in a cameo) and walks off, a voiceover saying he'll fight crime as Darkman.
tags: comedy,  avant garde,  gothic,  neo noir,  bleak,  cult,  violence,  horror,  romantic,  revenge,  entertaining, 

title: Suspiria
synopsis: A young American ballet student, Suzy Banyon (Jessica Harper), flies to Germany to attend a prestigious dance academy. On the night of her arrival there is a torrential downpour. She arrives at the school by taxi, and before she can enter, she witnesses a young blonde girl (Eva Axén) fleeing the building in a panic. Suzy hears the girl shouting to someone just inside the door of the school, but the intense thunder obscures most of her words. When the other girl is gone, Suzy talks to an unidentified person on the school's intercom, but they refuse to let her inside. Unable to gain access to the school, Suzy gets back into her cab and has the driver take her away. As the cab drives through a nearby forest, Suzy sees Pat running alone through the trees that separate the school from town.The frightened girl is Pat Hingle, and she flees to a friend's apartment in the nearby town. While alone in the bathroom, she becomes transfixed by a pair of shining eyes outside the window, and a decidedly inhuman arm smashes through the glass, grabbing her. She is pulled out of the window onto the roof, stabbed numerous times, and then hanged by a cord when she falls through the sky light. The huge pieces of glass and metal that break out of the skylight fall on Pat's friend, killing her by impaling her body and her head in numerous places.Suzy goes to the school the next day and is greeted by Ms. Tanner (Alida Valli), an instructor, and Madame Blanc (Joan Bennett), the vice directress. Madame Blanc is very friendly to Suzy, especially when she realizes she knows Suzy's aunt Carol. Detectives are there investigating Pat's murder, and although Ms. Tanner tries to hurry Suzy away, Suzy volunteers a few bits of information. It seems as if there is something that she cannot remember, some realization that she can't put her finger on. Suzy meets a few other odd characters, including a strange looking handyman named Pavlo (Giuseppe Transocchi) and a blind pianist named Daniel (Flavio Bucci).In the changing room, Suzy meets two other students, Olga (Barbara Magnolfi) and Sara (Stefania Casini). Sara and Olga are not friends, and Olga taunts Sara a little. Although Suzy has requested to board at the school, the rooms are all full and it's been arranged for Suzy to live with Olga in her off-campus apartment. Although Olga initially seems very bitchy, she and Suzy get along well and have a conversation about Pat. Olga tells Suzy that Pat was a busybody, and that she was always trying to find out things about other people. Suzy thinks back to seeing Pat the night before, and she suddenly remembers Pat shouting the words secret and iris.The next day, Suzy sees Madame Blanc before classes, and she tells Suzy that her dorm room is now free. Suzy, however, tells Madame Blanc that she'd rather live with Olga. Madame Blanc seems offended by this and walks away in a huff. Ms. Tanner sarcastically tells Suzy that she is happy she's so strong willed. On her way to class immediately afterwards, Suzy passes by the cook, who is sitting in the hallway with Madame Blanc's small nephew Albert (Jacopo Mariani). The cook is polishing some silver, and she reflects a beam of sunlight at Suzy, who immediately begins to feel ill. In class, Ms. Tanner keeps pushing Suzy to dance, and Suzy passes out, bleeding from her nose and mouth.The school doctor (Renato Scarpa) puts Suzy on a restricted diet that includes cheese, fruit, and a glass of red wine. Suzy also finds that she's been moved into the dorms without her consent. Her dorm room is next to Sara's, and the two of them become friends. As the girls dress for dinner, hundreds of maggots start to fall from the ceiling. Ms. Tanner investigates the upper floor and finds that crates of spoiled food have caused the maggot infestation. Madame Blanc apologizes to the girls, and arranges for all of them to sleep in the practice hall. A wall of sheets separates the girls from the teachers, who are staying with the girls for the night. Suzy asks Sara if the teachers live in the school, but Sara tells her that they leave at 9:30 every night. When the girls sleep, a shadowy figure lays down on the other side of the sheet behind Suzy and Sara. The person has a very distinct, raspy, whistling snore and it frightens Sara, who wakes Suzy up. Sara tells her about a time last year when she had to sleep in a guest bedroom: late that night, she had heard the same snoring in the next room. Madame Blanc later told Sara that the school's directress stayed in that room, so the weird snoring means the directress is now here. This seems suspicious to Suzy and Sara, since all the girls have been told that the directress would not return to the school for weeks.The next morning, Sara asks Ms. Tanner if the directress showed up last night, but Ms. Tanner denies it. As classes start, Madame Blanc's young nephew, Albert, is attacked by Daniel's guide dog. Enraged, Ms. Tanner interrupts class and tells Daniel never to bring the dog back or she'll have it put to sleep. Daniel yells at her and insists his dog would never harm anyone. Ms. Tanner throws Daniel's cane to the floor and tells him to get out, humiliating him as he fumbles around trying to find it. Daniel is enraged, and makes a veiled threat to Ms. Tanner: he is blind, but not deaf. Ms. Tanner is furious.That night, after Suzy eats her meal Sara comes into her room and they listen while the teachers supposedly leave. However, Suzy notices that the footsteps are going away from the front door; therefore the teachers are not really leaving the school at all, but going someplace inside. Sara begins to wonder where they go, but Suzy becomes extremely drowsy and can hardly stay awake. Sara takes out a notebook and writes down the number of footsteps as the instructors walk by.Daniel, who has been out at a bar, leaves with his dog. While in the middle of an empty piazza, his dog begins to bark at something. Daniel tries to calm down the dog, but he just gets more restless as they walk. Daniel begins to become frightened and stops, hearing strange sounds that indicate to him someone else is there. We can also see shadowy figures moving in the distance. As Daniel waits silently in the piazza, his dog suddenly attacks and kills him, tearing out his throat.Suzy is troubled by the sudden number of deaths and approaches Madame Blanc. She tells Blanc that she heard Pat say something the night she died. Although Pat had said more, Suzy only heard secret and irises. Madame Blanc says she will inform the police about Suzy's information, but Sara later gets angry that Suzy told this to Madame Blanc. Sara worries that Suzy's revelation has put the teachers on a hunt for whoever Pat was talking to that night, and that the teacher will obviously identify that person as herself. As the two go for a swim in the pool, Sara tells Suzy all about her friendship with Pat, and how Pat had been taking notes for months about strange occurrences at the school. However, when Sara is going to show them to Suzy that night, the notes are gone; now she knows that the evil forces in the school are onto her and her time is short. The only thing she has left is the list of footsteps she made. Sara tries to get Suzy to help her, but once again Suzy cannot stay awake. Sara begins to hear footsteps and flees Suzy's room just before an unseen person enters. Sara escapes to the attic, where she is attacked but hides in a room and latches the door shut. Her stalker tries to use a strait razor to unlatch the door. With nowhere else to go, Sara cowers away from the door when she notices a small window near the ceiling. Stacking several boxes on top of each other, she leaps through the window and into the next room; unfortunately, the small room is filled the brim with large, unruly bushels of razor wire. She tries to escape to an open door a few feet away but keeps getting tangled and cut. Just as she is near the door, the killer slices her throat.The next morning, Suzy finds Sara's room empty. Ms. Tanner tells Suzy that Sara left early that morning without telling anyone. Suzy meets with a friend of Sara's, who turns out to be Sara's psychologist. He tells Suzy that Sara became troubled when a friend put the notion of witches in her head. Sara also found out that the school was founded by Helena Markos, a Greek émigré, who people thought was a witch. Markos was persecuted wherever she went, and she founded the school for the study of occult sciences and arts. However, Markos died in a fire, and the school was passed down to her favorite pupil who turned it from a school for the occult to a dance academy. Suzy talks to a colleague of Dr. Mandel who specializes in witches, Professor Milius. Milius explains to Suzy that witches are negative forces that change events only to do harm, and their goal is to gain personal wealth that can only be achieved by injury to others. He also tells her that a coven of witches can only do magic with the power of their queen. Otherwise, they are harmless.Back at school, Suzy finds out that all the students are gone. She asks a servant, who tells her that all the students went to the theater, and that Ms. Tanner got the tickets. Suzy tries to call Frank Mandel, but a storm knocks out the phones. In her room, Suzy dumps her food out, and throws the wine down the sink, which looks suspiciously like blood. Afterwards, she is attacked by a vicious bat that flies in the bathroom window. She begins to hear the teachers footsteps, and remembers counting them with Sara. Following the count, Suzy traces their path and ends up in Madame Blanc's empty office, where the footsteps stopped. With only one door, she knows the teachers exited somehow. Glancing into a mirror, she notices irises painted on the wall in the elaborate grotto illustration that adorns Madame Blanc's office. Suddenly Suzy remembers what she had forgotten. When exiting the school, Pat said The secret! I saw behind the door! Three irises! Turn the blue one!Suzy turns the blue iris and a hidden door pops open. She sneaks down a hallway and, hiding behind a curtain, she sees the entire coven meeting with Madame Blanc, who is sitting on a throne. She and the others discuss how they will kill Suzy. Conducting a black mass ritual, Madame Blanc partakes of some kind of communion wafer and says Queen Helena, give me power! Afraid they might find her, Suzy backs away and stumbles upon Sara's corpse. She flees into a connecting room, which turns out to be a bedroom. Asleep in the bed, obscured by sheer white curtains, is a shadowy figure, snoring loudly--the same weird snoring of the directress, whom Suzy now realizes is Helena Markos. Frightened, Suzy knocks over an ornamental statue which wakes up Helena Markos. In a horrible, raspy voice, Helena speaks to Suzy: The American girl! I knew you'd come. You want to kill me! Suzy picks up one of the sharp glass feathers from the statue and pulls back the curtain of the bed only to find it empty. Confused, Suzy looks around while Markos taunts her. A door slowly opens, and Sara's corpse, back to life and wielding a knife, approaches Suzy. As lightning strikes, Suzy notices a slight outline of Markos still sitting there on the bed; she is simply invisible. Suzy stabs her through the neck. Sara disappears, and the burnt features of Markos become visible as she dies; the weapon has penetrated through her entire neck, and she chokes to death. Things in the bedroom begin to explode, and Suzy rushes out. As she passes by their meeting room, she sees Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, and the others, all collapsed and bleeding due to the death of Markos. Suzy runs away, and everywhere she goes, power exudes from her, destroying all in her path. Doors explode outwards before she can touch them, and walls crack and break as she passes. Finally she reaches the exit and walks out into the rain as the house burns behind her. Suzy smiles cryptically as she walks away from the school. Perhaps she is simply happy to have escaped, or perhaps it is as the legend goes, that whoever kills a witch inherits her power.
tags: avant garde,  cruelty,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  romantic,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: The Little Vampire
synopsis: Tony Thompson [Jonathon Lipnicki] is lonely and friendless. His parents, Bob and Dottie,
have just moved him from San Diego, California to Scotland, and the two
McAshton boys, Nigel [Iain De Caestecker] and Flint [Scott Fletcher], are making fun of him at his new school
because of his obsession with vampires. Unfortunately, Nigel and Flint are
the grandsons of Lord McAshton, Bob's boss.One night, a bat flies into Tony's room. The bat is Rudolph Sackville-Bagg
[Rollo Weeks], vampire, and he's in a bad way. He can't fly, and the
vampire hunter Rookery [Jim Carter] is looking for him. Rudolph desperately needs blood
and asks Tony to lead him to a cow. While Tony waits for Rudolph to finish
his dinner, Rookery attempts to run Tony over with his vampire-hunting
mobile, but Rudolph saves him just in time. Tony and Rudolph are now
tit-for-tat, each having saved the other. They decide to become friends.
Rudolph sleeps the next day in Tony's toybox but is gone when Tony
gets home from school. Rudolph shows up again that night, asking about a
picture Tony drew of an amulet he saw in a dream, the amulet of Attamon,
made by the Great Magician from a piece of the comet of Attamon. Tony
offers to help Rudolph find it because it could mean the end of a curse
that causes Rudolph and his family to remain vampires. Unfortunately,
Rookery is also seeking the amulet because, used in another way, it can
send all the vampires straight to hell.
Suddenly, Rudolph's family shows up...father Frederick, mother Freda,
sister Anna, and brother Gregory. Frederick is not happy that his son has
befriended a human. Just then, Rookery shows up and starts firing stakes
at the vampire family. Tony cuts the hose between Rookery's stakegun and
his pneumatic air supply. The vampires and Tony take refuge in an
underground crypt, and Tony has a vision in which he sees a woman covering
the body of the Great Magician with a blanket bearing a crest flanked by
two stags and a banner reading Sola animo at manuforti.Later that night, Tony and Rudolph pay a visit to the McAshton boys.
Tony presents himself as the Lord of the Underworld and Rudolph as the
fiendish friend of Tony Thompson, and orders the boys to treat Tony with
respect or else they will be bat-bait. The next day at school, the
McAshton boys trip all over themselves to be nice to Tony. It appears that
Tony's problems with the McAshton boys are over.
However, his problems with the McAshtons are just beginning. That
afternoon at tea, Tony's dad shows him a picture of the McAshton crest. Lo
and behold, it is the one from Tony's vision. Later that evening, Tony
goes to the crypt to tell Rudolph of his discovery, only to find Rookery
there. Rookery lowers a bright light into the crypt, but Tony throws a
rock at it and breaks the bulb. Unfortunately, Rudolph's father takes the
full brunt of the light and is severely weakened. After fortifying their
dad on some cowblood, the vampire family moves into Tony's cellar in order
to hide from Rookery. During the night, as Tony tries to sleep, Anna [Anna Popplewell] comes
into his room. She gives him a good luck charm (a dead mouse) from the old
country and tells him to whistle if he should ever need her help.It's Saturday morning, and Tony goes to work with his dad, hoping to
learn more about the McAshton crest and the whereabouts of the amulet.
Unfortunately, Rookery is also there, and Lord McAshton is telling him
about the family history. It seems that the woman in Tony's vision, the
one in which he sees her covering the body of the Great Magician with a
blanket that bears the McAshton crest, was actually Lord McAshton's
ancestor, Elizabeth, and the Great Magician was the vampire Von
Sackville-Bagg. Even more important is the fact that Elizabeth is wearing
the amulet of Attamon in a family portrait and was probably buried with
it. Rookery asks where she is buried, so Lord McAshton takes him to the
family crypt. They open her coffin, but it is empty. Most likely, she was
buried elsewhere, but where?Tony, who has been watching from a balcony, suddenly falls
off...right into the coffin. Rookery, who has also been after Tony, closes
the lid. Tony can't get out, but he remembers his good luck mouse and
whistles for Anna. Although it is daylight, Rudolph and Anna cover
themselves with a blanket and helmets and go to Tony. A mouse leads the
three of them to a secret passage in which they find the real coffin of
Elizabeth McAshton and Von Sackville-Bagg, but the amulet isn't there.
Suddenly, Tony has another vision of Elizabeth burying the stone under the
floorboards of her room...which is now Tony's room.
Rudolph and Tony go to Tony's bedroom and start prying up the
floorboards, but Rookery is wise to them. When Tony refuses to hand over
the stone, Rookery takes Tony, stone and all, for a ride in his
vampiremobile. As they drive along, they are attacked by a herd of flying
vampire cows (the cows on which Rudolph and his family have been feeding)
who cover Rookery's windshield with cowpies.Meanwhile, Frederick and Freda realize that tonight is the night that
the Attamon comet will cross the moon, and all the vampires must be called
to unite on the cliffs. Frederick is still too weak to fly, so they
introduce themselves to Tony's parents and invite them to view the comet,
too, using their car to drive out there. The entire vampire clan is
gathered on the cliff, but where is the amulet?
At the last minute, Rudolph and Tony fly in. Tony gives the amulet to
Frederick who says the magic words. A red light descends from the comet, a
red fog creeps over the vampires, and they all disappear.Epilogue: It is some weeks later. Tony and his parents are at the market in
town when a new family moves in. It is the Sackville-Baggs, but they are
human now. At first they don't recognize Tony, but a little whistle from
Tony brings back their memories. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tags: horror,  flashback, 

title: Jeepers Creepers
synopsis: We open on a long country road, where Trish (Gina Phillips) and Darry (Justin Long) are driving back home during Spring Break. As the two are driving down the road we learn that they are taking the long way home. Darry claims that the reason they are doing this is because Trish is trying to avoid getting home quick in order to postpone talking about her boyfriend from college. It is implied that Trish and her boyfriend are no longer together. As they are driving they see an RV up ahead of them. Both try to figure out what the vanity plates message is a game the two like to play.As they pass the RV and begin driving further down the road, we see that behind them that the RV turns off the road quite suddenly. Then we see a beaten up van coming down the road behind Trish and Darry, unbeknownst to them. The van approaches them quite quickly and tail gates them, honking the horn insistently. Trish yells at Darry to let him pass and Darry keeps swerving on the road. Finally, Darry moves over to the oncoming traffic lane and lets the van pass. As the van passes, we see the license plates says, BEATNGU.Trish mentions that the encounter with the truck reminded her of Kenny and Darla. It was said that Kenny and Darla were drunk driving and that their bodies were never recovered only the vehicle was found. Darry disagrees and says that they just werent able to find her, Darlas, head or Kenny. Darry chalks it up to a generational cautionary tale of drinking and driving. Despite this, Trish is still spooked and claims that she had always heard it was true that Kenny and Darla attended Wheaton Valley High and were part of the class of 78. Trish then tells Darry that when she first heard the story she thought she would die on that highway. The two then start bickering over whether or not Darry will get the point for the vanity plate on the van, claiming it read as beating you, since he didnt call it right when he saw the plate.The two stop on the side of the road to urinate, Trish asks her brother if he had talked to their mother. He claims that he only told her that he would be home for break. Trish asks how her mother sounded, particularly if she sounded weird. As Trish gets back in the car she notices that Darry has a bag full of laundry for their mother to do. Trish then claims that something is wrong with their mother, which Darry denies. Trish says that he is unable to notice anything beyond his own existence and insists that their mother isnt happy. At that point, Darry notices the beaten up van that tailgated them from before. It is by an old run-down church. As they slowly pass the van, we see that the driver is a guy with his face covered, wearing a hat and a dark trench coat. Both notice that he is dumping something wrapped in a bloody sheet down a pipe. On the drivers second trip to the pipe he notices the two watching him.The two begin asking each other what he was doing with the bloody sheets wrapped with rope. Trish tells Darry to get them out of there, while Darry tells her to grab his cell phone in his gym bag. She finds the cell phone and notices that the van is now pulling out from the church and begins to follow them. Trish tries to use the phone but sees that his battery is low and despite the fact that Darry has a power plug for it, her lighter doesnt work. The van is now catching up to their car at unnatural speed. As he catches up to them he smashes into the back of their car several times, finally running them off the road and into a field. The van continues on down the road.After Darry fixes the trunk of Trishs car, he stops and says that they need to go back. They both know that it was a person in the sheet and Darry wants to go back and check that the person isnt still alive. Trish doesnt want to and would rather get to a phone and call the cops. Darry argues that they are too far away from a phone to be able to save the person if they are still alive. He finally convinces her by asking if it were her back there.They head back to the church, which is surrounded by crows. Upon approaching the pipe, which smells terrible, Darry claims to have heard something down there and he shines a light down there. So he climbs into the pipe, asking Trish to hold onto his feet. As he is shining the light down in the pipe he claims to see something, which happens to be rats. Trish and Darry start screaming and in the commotion Trish lets go of Darry, leading Darry to fall down the pipe. While Darry is down there he notices the bloody sheet that the creepy guy threw down the pipe. He kicks it to see if the person is alive, and when it doesnt move he turns to yell up to Trish, when all of a sudden the person in the sheet grabs his leg. The person in the sheet starts to thrash around and Darry uncovers his face to find it is a boy not much older than him. His face is blue and he starts pointing to his stomach. When Darry rips open the sheet he sees that the boys stomach has been opened up and sewn back together. The boy in the sheets starts to mumble something inaudibly and when Darry leans in to hear him better, the boy dies. Darry then goes back to the opening of the pipe and tells Trish that she needs to go back to the road and get help by flagging someone down. Darry claims that he is going to find a way out. Before Trish can leave he tells her that if she sees the old van that she needs to run back to the pipe and let him know.Darry then heads further into the basement and sees more bodies wrapped in sheets. He then sees that there is an opening into a room. As he inspects the room he finds a bunch of weird instruments and bottles. As he is looking he notices that his show is untied and upon bending down to tie it his flashlight shines on the wall behind him showing a collection of naked human bodies, all arranged weirdly onto the wall. All of a sudden, something drips onto Darrys shoe. He shines his flashlight up to the ceiling and sees hundreds of bodies all over the walls. Trish is out on the road watching for cars, which there seem to be none approaching from either direction. While she is out there we cut back to Darry down in the basement where he has found an opening leading out of the basement. As he approaches it he notices two bodies sewn together in the corner. The womans sewn on head is placed on the guys shoulders, their arms sewn together leading to their hands intertwined with one anothers. Darry notices a class ring on the guys finger which says Wheaton Valley High.Back on the road, Trish is facing oncoming traffic in the left lane. While she is facing this way, behind her we see headlights approaching in the distance. Finally, Trish looks behind her and sees what looks to be a beaten up van coming towards her. She hops into her car and tries to start the car, but it seems as though the cars clutch is stuck in gear. As the vehicle comes closer we see that it wasnt the beaten up van but a beaten up truck with hay in the back. As she relaxes from having scared herself thinking it was the creepy guy, her brother, Darry pops up by her window looking completely in shock.The two begin heading down the road again, Trish trying to get Darry to say something. Trish notices that they are low on gas and claims that they need to stop as she passes a sign that reads they are entering Pertwilla. At that point, Darry speaks up mentioning that the tales about Kenny and Darla were true and that she did lose her head.Trish pulls into a diner with a gas pump. As they get out of the car they are discussing that they need to call the cops and Darry needs to tell them what he found. At that point, we see the beaten up van pass by the diner, heading back to the run-down church. Both run into the diner, asking for a phone to call the cops. Everyone in the diner looks at them puzzled. Finally, the waitress goes to call the cops. Trish turns to her brother, trying to snap him out of his frightened state when the payphone in the diner rings. Trish picks it up and a woman asks if they have seen the cats yet. The woman on the phone explains that she had seen her and Darry with lots of cats. Trish, confused, asks how she knows Darry. At this point, Darry takes the phone and starts asking the woman who she is. The woman continues on proving that she knows who they are by describing Darrys torn shirt, bloody hand, and rose tattoo on his stomach. She tells them that they have found its house of pain. She explains it to be a hungry thing that will not stop coming after them or anyone else it wants. She proclaims that once it has the scent of something it likes, it cant stop. She says that she saw the awful truck/van, too, with the weird license plate. Darry asks, Beating you? She tells him no, and to think about it. Then she tells him to listen to something. On her speaker she has playing Jeepers Creepers (Jeepers Creepers, whered you get those peepers/Jeepers Creepers, whered you get those eyes. She tells Darry that when he hears that song to run because it means something terrible for him. Darry ends up hanging up on her.It is now night, and Darry has already relayed what he saw to two cops, a Black woman and a white guy. Darry begins questioning Trish if she believes him. The gentleman cop comes over and lets them know that there is a unit on its way over to the church. But the cop questions what Darry saw, claiming that Kenny and Darla would have been bones by now since the crash happened over 20 years ago. Darry insists he knows what he saw retelling that there were at least 600 bodies all stitched together like a quilt. Then the waitress comes over asking if his car is over by the pumps. They run outside and see that their clothes are all over the floor. The waitress says that they saw some guy standing over by their car, sniffing their clothes. The people in the diner say that they saw him head back down the road towards the church again. Darry claims that the creepy guy knows what we saw and that he is after them now. As he is picking up his clothes, he notices that there is a handprint on the door handle the handprint is quite ashy. As Trish looks at the print, she notices a shadow in the sky and the sound of wings up above them. But when she looks up she sees nothing.Darry and Trish are back on the road, this time with the two cops driving behind them, escorting them. Both question how he was able to get back to the church and diner so quickly and why he was sniffing their clothes. The cops then get a call from central letting them know that the church is now burning out of control. Back in Trishs car, Trish turns on the radio and begins surfing through the channels. She passes a modern pop song of Jeepers Creepers. Darry turns back to it saying it's the song the woman was talking about on the phone. Trish and Darry begin bickering. Back in the police cruiser, they get back the results from the dust on the car handle which is dead skin. Suddenly, the cops hear a thud on their hood of their car. Back in Trishs car, still bickering over the song, we see that the creepy guy is on the hood of the police car. The woman cop looks out and is thrown out of the car, while the male cop driving gets his head chopped off, which is then thrown onto the windshield of Trishs car causing them to swerve to a stop. They get out of the car and Trish begins walking to the police car, seeing someone moving in the car, but then on the road sees the severed head of the cop. Trish runs back to the car and they look out and watch the creepy guy get out of the car, whistling the Jeepers Creepers song. Both watch as he eats the cops tongue. They leave, despite Trishs car giving her some issues. We then see the Creeper (Jonathan Breck) throw the cops body into the back of his van.Trish stops the car after Darry insists she slows down. To their left is a house, which Trish takes as an opportunity to get help. As they walk towards the house, Trish notices that the owners of the house have a scarecrow in their garden. The two are greeted by an old woman Trish asks to use her phone, but the woman explains that she does not have one. She asks what Trish needs with a phone anyway and Trish tells her that she needs to contact the police. The woman says that she doesnt want the police out near her house because they are trying to get her to get rid of some of her cats. Once Trish mentions that someone has been killed she turns on the light, concerned that it was one of her cats. We then see that there are at least 20 cats in her home. Darry tries to get Trish to leave when the lights on the womans porch go out. All of a sudden all the cats in the womans house go towards the screen and begin growling. The woman asks if they brought anyone else with them, looking off to the right. When Trish and Darry turn around they see the Creeper where the scarecrow was. The old woman comes out from the porch with a shotgun and tells him to get out of her yard. When the Creeper moves from the scarecrow the old woman shoots, but instead of hitting him she hits the scarecrow. The Creeper then jumps from the ground and scurries across the old womans roof, breaking into her house. The woman goes into her house despite the pleas from Trish and Darry. From outside, they hear two gun shots. Then they see the old woman by the inside door of her porch. They see that the Creeper has killed her and was propping her up. Trish and Darry finally see the face of the Creeper (he looks like a monster with bat-like features and his eyes are all clouded over as if he is blind).Trish and Darry run to their car and the Creeper follows, jumping onto their hood. Trish reverses the car and tries to run over the Creeper to no avail. She then waits until he is close enough and hits him with her car. She then reverses and runs over him a couple more times. Darry stops her and they watch as the Creepers wings come out. The Creeper attempts to fly away but is too damaged. Trish runs over him one more time and they head off to the Poho County Police Station.In the police station we see that a guy has been picked up for trying to steal a car. Trish is on the phone with her mother, who is upset along with Trishs dad. Trishs mom tries to go get them, but Trish explains that they dont want to wait for her. They are just going to drive home themselves. Darry notices a board of missing people, one missing person being a child. Just then a woman comes into the police station saying Trishs name. We find out that her name is Jez (Patricia Belcher). She tells them about how she had seen them with the bodies in the cellar and then seeing them with a bunch of cats. Darry figures out that this is the woman on the phone from the diner. Jez explains that she has dreams and that she has seen them two. Jez goes on to tell them about the Creepers ritual. Every 23rd of Spring, the Creeper is allowed to eat for 23 days. While Jez is explaining this, we notice that the beaten up van pulls up to the police station and the injured Creeper hops out and makes it way to the back of the police station. He eats things that he needs, a lung to breathe, eyes to see, etc. She explains that since they have harmed the Creeper, he is going to continue eating until he is not harmed anymore. She then says that one of the two has something he likes, but hes not sure which one yet. The way he finds out is by scaring you he can smell something in fear. It tells him if there is something inside a person that he might want. At this point, the lights in the police station go out and the emergency lights come on.Darry doesnt understand how it is able to still be alive, since they ran over it so many times. Jez claims that he has eaten too many hearts for his own to stop. One of the cops heads to where the inmates are being held to get a head count. He approaches one cell where the two inmates are hovered against one wall in fright. On further inspection, the cop notices the Creepers clothing on the floor of the next cell, where the Creeper has eaten someone and is healing himself. The cop tries to shoot it but the Creeper overtakes him.The cop with Trish, Darry and Jez tries to move them into a holding room after hearing the gunshots. Jez insists that they do not hide in room because she has seen the Creeper find them hiding in a room. She then says that she sees the song Jeepers Creepers playing on an old phonograph while one of them is screaming in the dark somewhere. The head cop then gets in a call saying that the Creeper is heading up the rear stairwell. He tells them all to stay where they are. After the cops leave, Jez says that she needs to get them out of there. They start running down one of the halls of the station.We then hear over the radio that one inmate and an officer are down and then there are gunshots. He explains that they are unable to take him down, that he is wearing some kind of crazy armor. He then tells the sergeant that he is gone, heading up to the rest of the cops. Then the Creeper comes up behind one of the cops and punches a hole right through his stomach. They look up the staircase and see nothing, but hear something, so they begin shooting into the stairwell.We then see that the way Jez tried to lead Trish and Darry out is locked. Trish argues with her and it comes out that she is there in the hopes that they can change the outcome. Darry figures out that she knows who it wants and what it wants. She explains that she has seen them run up the stairs and hide but that she doesnt know what happens. He asks her who hears Jeepers Creepers while screaming in the dark. Sobbing, Jez begins to look over at Trish. Darry asks if her dreams have never been wrong. She tells him that he doesnt understand. Trish, upset, says that Jez doesnt know anything. Then, the Creeper, comes out from around the corner. Jez yells for them to go upstairs.The Creeper crawls over the wall and comes up behind Jez. He smells her and not finding anything he wants, he runs after Trish and Darry. In one of the interrogation rooms, Trish goes up to the two-way mirror and starts looking at her eyes. On the other side of the mirror, the Creeper is watching her and growling. The two are arguing when the Creeper smashes through the mirror. He picks up Trish and Darry up by their throats and proceeds to sniff them. He then licks Trish and after tasting her, he throws her to the side. He then licks Darry and seems to be pleased with the taste, when the cops from downstairs begin shooting one of the other two-way mirrors and aim their guns at the Creeper. They see that he has Darry in a headlock and do not shoot.At this point, Trish runs up and tries to convince the Creeper that he wants her and not Darry. The Creeper then flies out the window with Darry in his arms. The next day, Trishs folks show up at the police station. Trish asks her what it means when Darry is screaming in the dark while the song is playing she wants to know what else she saw. Jez tells her that shes just a crazy old woman with crazy dreams and Trish walks out of the police station.We then see an old factory where Darry is screaming and crying. In the background we hear the Jeepers Creepers song playing on an old phonograph. The Creeper seems to be sewing something together and we see that Darrys body is strung up and his eyes have been removed and the Creeper is using them as his own.
tags: murder,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  suspenseful,  entertaining,  sadist, 

title: Cannibal Holocaust
synopsis: In New York City, a TV news reporter recounts the details surrounding the mysterious disappearance of a documentary film crew who has gone missing in the jungles of South America for two months. The reporter introduces them as Alan Yates (Gabriel Yorke) the director; Faye Daniels (Francesca Ciardi) his girlfriend and script girl; and friends Jack Anders (Perry Pirkanen) and Mark Tomaso (Luca Giorgio Barbareschi) who work as cameramen. They were last seen departing from the remote Columbian town of Leticia which sits deep in the jungle on the border points between Brazil and Peru, to document the existence of cannibal tribes in the jungle. NYU's noted anthropologist Professor Harold Monroe (Robert Kerman) is assigned the task by the university to find out what happened to the conceited, and over-confident film crew.In the jungles of South America, a group of Columbian soldiers, led by a balding Negro lieutenant, are on patrol when they stumble upon a group of natives engaged in a spot of cannibalism; eating human remains. The soldiers attack and kill many natives while the rest flee. One fights back by shooting one soldier with a poison dart, hitting him in the arm before he is killed by the other soldiers. Despite the quick medical treatment, the soldier dies soon afterwards. The Columbian Lieutenant then meets with Professor Monroe who arrives by plane at the soldiers' outpost on the Amazon. The Lieutenant shows Monroe the captured native which they identify as a Yacumo, for to the soldiers, a Yacumo prisoner is like a ticket into the 'Green Inferno', the inhospitable jungle the South Americans call it. The Yacumo is in possession of a cigarette lighter which Monroe confirms belonged to Faye Daniels. Monroe is assigned a guide, a Venezuelan named Chaco (Ricardo Fuentes), who explains to Monroe that a tattoo borne by the prisoner indicates that he is the son of a shaman, and that the Yacumo are not really cannibals. The conclusion drawn by Chaco is that they were this far out from their village near Leticia where they were probably indulging in a religious ceremony meant to chase evil spirits out of the jungle. White men spirits.Monroe, Chaco, and another young guide, named Miguel, with their Yacumo prisoner in tow, head off into the jungle, crossing a few streams, encountering the badly decomposed remains of Felipe, the guide of the Yates team near their former campsite. A day or so later, the search party comes across a strange and savage, ritualistic punishment for adultery where a Yacumo man hauls his bound wife to a riverbed where he sexually violates her with a phallic dildo and bludgeons her to death with it. Monroe, Chaco, and Miguel soon reach the Yacumo village where they are met with fear and suspicion. After demonstrating their good intentions of releasing their captive, they are allowed to stay for the night.The next morning, Monroe, Chaco and Miguel set off on the next stage of their journey, deeper still into the jungle, towards the ultimate goal of the Yates team: meeting the feared Yamamomo tribe, who are also known as the Tree People. A stone-age tribe that has had little or no contact with the outside world and still live in the stone age period. The Yamamomo are constantly at war with a rival tribe called the Shamatari, called the Swamp People. Monroe and his two guides see the Shamatari driving out Yamamomo warriors out of their high up trees by burning fires whose smoke makes the tribesmen fall to the ground. Soon they stumble upon a skirmish between the Shamatari and Yamamomo warriors. Monroe and his two guides intervene by shooting several Shamatari warriors, forcing the rest to flee and establishing themselves as allies to the Yamamomo. The Yamamomo tribesmen permit Monroe and his guides to stay, but treat them with fear and suspicion as did the Yacumo, which confirms to Chaco that the Yates team did something to stir up trouble. Despite the language barrier, Monroe becomes determined to find out from the Yamamomo what happened to the Yates team.The following day, Monroe gains the trust of the Yamamomo by stripping off his clothes and bathing in a nearby stream. A group of carefree Yamamomo women arrive to bath with him and playfully splash around in the water, while Chaco and Miguel watch from the riverbank. After a few minutes, the Yamamomo women lead Monroe and his guides away from the river, into the jungle, and to a clearing where they are introduced to a bizarre totemic shrine: the remains of the Yates team, with their four skulls arranged in a ghoulish manner confirming that the film crew is dead and that the Yamamomo have been trying to exercise the jungle of their spirits.Seeing the crew's film cameras and the silver canisters of film untouched by the Yamamomo custom, Monroe decides to use another psychological manipulation to gain access to the film reels. Monroe manages to manipulate the Yamamomo chief by showing him a cassette recorder which has the sounds of the Yacumo and other tribes chanting. The chief accepts the recorder as a gift and allows Monroe, Chaco and Miguel to partake in a ritualistic cannibal feast by eating part of the dead body of a Yamamomo criminal recently executed. The Yamamomo chief then allows Monroe to leave with the film canisters.Several weeks later, Monroe arrives back in New York where he gives a TV interview about his experiences in the jungle and about the death of the Yates team and that the film reels recovered may prove the answer of what brought on the deaths of the Yates crew. Monroe meets with three NYU board executives, two men and a woman, who want him to review the film in preparation for a TV documentary to be shown as Yates's final work in the Amazon.Monroe is shown the Yates footage at an office where the female executive introduces Monroe to Yates's style of filmmaking by showing him extracts from a film he made in Africa a year earlier entitled The Last Road to Hell showing archive films of firing-squad executions. At this point, Monroe sits down in the editing room to watch the raw footage of the last days of the Yates party. The Yates team is shown from their hotel in Leticia to traveling by plane several miles away to a point to hike into the Green Inferno to make contact with the legendary cannibal tribes. Monroe watches the arrogant and superficial film crew of Yates, Anders, Faye, Mark, and their guide Felipe hike into the jungle, traversing the same streams Monroe and his group crossed months later, and them bragging to the camera about the natural beauty of the jungle, while they commit various and unforgivable atrocities against various wildlife. In one repugnant scene, Felipe and Anders catch a large river turtle; they haul it ashore at their camp, and proceed to hack it apart before cooking and eating it while the camera is still rolling. Later, they shoot at various birds and small mammals in the jungle for no reason, but then Felipe screams out when a snake bites his foot. Anders and Mark, in desperation, hack off Felipe's leg in a vain bid to save him, but Felipe goes into shock and dies thus revealing how he died. Yates tells his team that they must continue on.Taking a break from watching the footage, Monroe then embarks on interviewing some of the Yates team's family members, some of whom tell Monroe little about the death of their relatives, and a few who scorn them for the trouble they would stir up. As Monroe begins to realize with growing horror about what really happened to the Yates team months earlier, he proceeds to view the rest of the film:After the death of their guide, Yates, Faye, Anders, and Mark head further into the jungle and finally make contact with warriors of the Yacumo tribe. For no clear reason, they shoot at the natives, and then upon entering their village, proceed to humiliate the natives by killing their livestock and burn their village to the ground, in which they intend to use the killing to stage a mock up of a Yamamomo raid on their village. Several natives flee, while a few others are killed or burned alive by the sadistic Yates team. Then Yates, aroused by his murderous actions, has sex with Faye in full view of the frightened and bewildered natives, while Andres secretly films it. In the films' most gratuitous scene, the team happens upon a ritualistic forced abortion and the clubbing death of the mother-to-be.Monroe tells the female executive, who also viewed the footage, against broadcasting it as he attempts to persuade the executives to abandon their plans to air the footage. But his request falls on deaf ears as the executives want callous sensationalism that the public needs to thrive on with the brutal footage, which will bring ratings to their company.
The next day, Monroe's anxiety has turned into anger when he meets again with the three executives and tells them that he has viewed the final reel and says that it is offensive, dishonest, and inhuman. He leads the executives into a screening room to view the final reel of the film:In the final reel, Yates speaks to the camera where it is days after their massacre of the Yacumo tribe; they are in a different part of the jungle for the vegetation is different and there is no sign of the feared Yamamomo tribe. Suddenly, the group happens upon a young woman, a Yamamomo woman. Triumphantly and inexplicably, the men attack her, taking turns raping her while rolling in the mud of a nearby clearing, while one man holds her down, the other rapes her, and the third gleefully films the action. Faye tries to protest, but is held back by Anders. As Yates takes his turn to rape the terrified young woman, a Yamamomo warrior crouches in the grass yards away, watching the savage film crews' atrocities. The film cuts to a riverside clearing where the mud-covered Yates team find the same Yamamomo woman dead and vertically impaled to the ground with a 12-foot pole exiting out of her mouth. Yates looks overjoyed and is told to look concerned for the camera. The epitome of hypocrisy, Yates talks about the profound disrespect the Yamamomos have for their women and that the woman was killed as a form of sexual punishment. It is not clear whether the woman was killed by her own people for being sexually violated by the Yates team, or if Yates and his group killed the woman themselves to rig up this latest spectacular footage for their people back home. As a result of their actions, the vengeful Yamamomo emerge for a final 10-minute violent confrontation. In the jungle, the group is surrounded by dozens of Yamamomo warriors throwing spears and arrows at them. Anders fights them by rashly shooting at several of them, while Yates (deranged to the last) continues filming, saying the footage is beautiful. Anders is felled by a spear, as Yates continues filming. Anders' dead body is dragged away by the Yamamomo where they castrate, behead, and hack him apart before cooking his remains and eating them. Faye is the next as she is grabbed by several Yamamomo warriors where she is stripped, gang raped, and is also beheaded and mutilated by the vengeful warriors. But it isn't long before Yates and Mark pay the price for their own indiscretion when the warriors spot Yates still filming them, and attack. Yates is attacked and falls to the ground, his camera still rolling as it drops from his hands, capturing his own horrifying death in close-up. In a fitting touch of irony, the last thing which his dying eyes see is the same camera lens which he and his crew used to capture the images of death and mayhem...... which in fact they were all responsible for.Back in the screening room, Monroe looks at the three executives, who look on with silent shock and disgust. Finally agreeing with Monroe's assessment at last, one of them orders that the film be destroyed and not shown. As Monroe walks out of the building and into the hostile concrete jungle of New York, he looks around at the people on the streets and mutters, I wonder who the real cannibals are.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  insanity,  tragedy,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Communion
synopsis: New Jersey, 1963. Alice Spages (Paula E. Sheppard) is a 12-year old girl who lives with her mother, Catherine (Linda Miller), and her younger 10-year-old sister, Karen (Brooke Shields). Their father, Dominic (Niles McMaster), is divorced from Catherine, and has recently re-married. Catherine and the girls live in a humble apartment, and their lives are very much centered on their Catholic parish. Both Alice and Karen go to the small Catholic school associated with their church, and all of the students wear church-issued yellow rain slickers as part of their uniforms. Karen is just about to make her first holy communion, but Alice seems to be jealous of the attention that Karen is getting because of it. Alice appears to have some major emotional problems.In the opening scene, Alice, Catherine and Karen are visiting the young priest Father Tom (Rudolph Willrich) at the rectory, discussing Karen's upcoming first Holy Communion. Alice startles the rectory's housekeeper, Mrs. Tredoni (Mildred Clinton), by wearing a bizarre transluscent mask, and she terrorizes Karen by stealing her doll and luring her to an abandoned building. While inside the building, Alice frightens Karen with the mask and briefly locks her in a room alone, threatening to never return her doll if she tells their mother about the incident. In the family's apartment, Alice takes Karen's communion veil and models it herself in a mirror; Karen causes a commotion over it and Catherine has to intervene.Things go from bad to worse on the day of Karen's communion. As the parishioners sit in the pews waiting for the children to enter the sanctuary, Catherine and her younger sister Annie (Jane Lowry) notice that Alice is not with them. Annie sends her daughter Angela (Kathy Rich) to look for Alice. Before Karen can join the rest of the girls who are dressed in their white communion dresses and veils, she is attacked by a figure in one of the school's yellow rain slickers, wearing the same translucent mask that Alice wears. The figure strangles Karen and then stows her body in a hollow bench, setting it on fire. Just before burning the body, the killer snatches the small cross that Karen wears around her neck, ripping the pendant from her body. Alice then appears among the younger girls, in Karen's place and wearing her veil, awaiting holy communion. Annie is outraged and urges Catherine to put a stop to it immediately. Shortly after, a nun notices the smoke and discovers Karen's body, her screams summoning the rest of the congregation. Annie sees Karen's body and melodramatically tells Catherine that her daughter is dead. Catherine breaks down crying. Alice slips Karen's veil into her pocket.Dominic returns for Karen's funeral and Catherine weeps when she sees him. The domineering Annie imposes herself on Catherine and Alice, insisting that she will stay with them to help Catherine with anything she needs. Alice is resentful of Annie's presence, and wants to stay home with her mother instead of going back to school. Annie's obvious dislike for the girl gives way to accusations about Karen's murder; Annie points out the fact that Alice's whereabouts during the murder are unaccounted for. Catherine seems to be unwilling to admit that Alice acts strangely, insisting that nobody understands Alice like she does. She has to smooth over a confrontation between Annie and Alice, sending Alice on an errand to defuse the argument.Catherine has Alice take the rent check to the family's landlord, Mr. Alphonso (Alphonso DeNoble), who lives in one of the lower apartments of the building. Alphonso is a grotesque man, extremely obese and living in an apartment full of kittens; we see him feeding the kittens, referring to himself as mommy, and then eating some of the moist cat food himself. Alphonso has repeatedly made jabs at Alice regarding Karen's death; he aligns himself with Alice's Aunt Annie, saying that Alice must have had something to do with Karen's murder. He also tells Alice that he knows about the odd shrine she has in the basement of the building, where she keeps various objects that she has either found or stolen, including the mask and Karen's missing doll. He tells Alice that Karen will return from the dead to collect her doll. When he makes inappropriate advances toward Alice and begins to touch her in a lewd manner, Alice throttles one of the kittens and strangles it to death and yelling you never do that again!, upsetting Alphonso and allowing her to escape.Meanwhile, the detectives investigating Karen's murder summon Alice's school records from the parish. When Dominic visits the police station to discuss Karen's case, he becomes hostile when Detective Brennan (Tom Signorelli) suggests that he would like to question Alice about the murder. He phones the rectory to talk to Father Tom, with whom he is apparently familiar; at first his phone call is intercepted by Mrs. Tredoni, who is fiercely protective of the priests and the elderly monsignor who reside there. Tom picks up an extension and talks to Dominic, asking if they can meet in person. Dominic seems unaware of Alice's emotional problems, which have resulted in a number of questionable incidents at school. Father Tom tells him that Alice has a knack for causing trouble and making it seem like an accident.Alice goes into the basement to her shrine, where she keeps her strange items, one of them being a jar full of large cockroaches, which she keeps alive by feeding them. She also still has Karen's doll. Alice puts on her mask.Upstairs, the mysterious figure wearing the yellow rain slicker and mask is creeping around the hallways. Annie goes to leave the apartment and she is attacked by the figure. The killer stands on the landing and slashes at Annie's legs and feet was she walks down the stairs, seriously wounding her with a kitchen knife. Before the killer can administer the death blow, Annie's screams summon Mr. Alphonso, who sees the killer's outfit and immediately identifies it as Alice. As the masked raincoat figure flees, Annie, who is hysterical and terrified, drags herself out into the street in the pouring rain, where Catherine finds her. Dominic and Father Tom happen to pull up at the same time, in Father Tom's car. Tom and Catherine rush Annie to the hospital, while Dominic goes into the building to look for the person who attacked Annie. In the basement, he finds Alice at her shrine, terrified; she claims she saw Karen, apparently believing what Alphonso told her about Karen returning to claim her doll. Dominic comforts her; like Catherine, Dominic doesn't believe that Alice could be a killer.At the hospital, Catherine tries to get Annie to recant her story about being attacked by Alice, but Detective Cranston (Ted Tinling) shows up to question Annie and she becomes hysterical, screaming that Alice was the one who stabbed her. They bring Alice into the police station to question her, giving her a lie detector test. Although Alice does not implicate herself, she gives a number of strange responses; one of the things that the lie detector machine reveals is that Alice sincerely believes that Karen is the one who attacked Aunt Annie. Alice resents being questioned, even lashing out at the policemen's lie detector machine, deliberately throwing it on the floor when they leave her alone with it.Although the police cannot charge Alice with either Karen's murder or Annie's slashing, they still feel she may be responsible for one or both, and they order her to have a psychological evaluation at the Sara Reed Children's Hospital. Catherine and Dominic are furious, but try to make the best of it. They visit Alice at the hospital together, discussing the case with the doctor who examines her, Dr. Whitman (Louisa Horton). Dr. Whitman's evaluation seems especially damning, suggesting that Alice is schizophrenic and possibly dangerous. Whitman refuses to allow Alice to be released.Dominic and Catherine have a quiet moment back at Catherine's apartment, when Catherine gets a strange phone call consisting of nothing but breathing; we see the caller is wearing the translucent mask. When the caller hangs up, Catherine assumes it was Annie; since Annie identified Alice as her attacker, Catherine vowed to disown Annie forever. Discussing the recent tragic events of their lives, Dominic and Catherine both agree that Alice could not have been responsible for all that's happened. Dominic suggests that perhaps Angela was the one who attacked Annie, which could explain why Alice thought she saw Karen, since they all wear the same yellow raincoat. Catherine, however, points out that Angela is an overweight young girl, and Karen was very petite, so it would be unlikely for Alice to confuse them. They wind up holding each other and beginning to make love, but are interrupted by a phone call from Dominic's wife, which breaks the mood.Dominic returns to his hotel in time to receive a phone call from a sobbing voice; the caller identifies herself as Angela, saying that she ran away from home and needs Dominic to help her. She asks him to come to the abandoned building, the same one where Alice scared Karen at the beginning of the movie. When Dominic arrives, he sees the figure in the yellow raincoat and mask off in the distance. When he follows her into the building, she attacks him with the kitchen knife, stabbing him in the shoulder. Still unsure of who it is, Dominic follows her up a staircase, where the figure surprises him and bludgeons him repeatedly with a brick.With Dominic unconscious, the figure binds him with a cord and rolls him over to a loading door; the drop over the precipice is three or four stories to the ground. Dominic regains consciousness and realizes he is about to fall to his death. The killer removes the mask to reveal Mrs. Tredoni underneath. She rants about Dominic's relationship with Catherine, revealing that she knows that Alice was conceived before Dominic and Catherine were married. Dominic screams for help, but the area is too desolate for anybody to hear him. He uses his teeth to grab the crucifix that Mrs. Tredoni wears, the same one that she pulled from Karen's body the day she killed her. Mrs. Tredoni notices it and uses the brick to try and smash in Dominic's teeth. He refuses to give up the cross, swallowing it instead. Mrs. Tredoni, now furious, pushes him over the ledge and he falls to his death.Mrs. Tredoni then goes to the church, where a group of children are being instructed on how to make their first confession. Father Tom is the one who is going to hear the children, but he goes into the confessional to find that Mrs. Tredoni is already in there, changing out of the costume she wears to impersonate Alice. She pretends she is seeking to make a confession, and claims she feels guilty about having thoughts regarding the Monsignor; she says that he is in such poor health that she sometimes wishes he would pass away. Father Tom tells her she is a good woman, and that she doesn't need to come to confession about this since her thoughts are not sinful. He praises her for the care she has given himself and the other priests, and she is ecstatic when he calls her a friend.The next day, Catherine becomes worried when she does not hear from Dominic, and she goes to the rectory to look for him; she reasons that since he has been borrowing Father Tom's car, he may be there. She is greeted by Mrs. Tredoni, who tries to get rid of her but finally allows her in to wait for Father Tom. Mrs. Tredoni is gutting fish for that evening's dinner, and she brings Catherine into the kitchen after preparing coffee for her. Catherine is uneasy, when Mrs. Tredoni reveals that she also had a daughter who died on the day of her first holy communion, Mrs. Tredoni seizes the kitchen knife and brandishes it toward Catherine while calling her a whore for having her own child out of wedlock. Father Tom returns and interrupts their conversation, telling Catherine that Dominic's body has been discovered. Catherine weeps in frustration and horror.Dominc's murder suggests that Alice is no longer a suspect, and Catherine is able to take her home. After they return, the figure in the yellow rain slicker and mask enters Alphonso's apartment while he is sleeping, and places the jar of roaches from Alice's secret shrine on his chest. Removing the mask, the figure reveals itself to be Alice herself. Catherine catches her leaving Alphonso's apartment, but Alice explains that she was only saying 'hello' to him after returning from the hospital. Catherine praises her for being kind to him, and they leave to go to mass.Outside, Detective Cranston is watching the building as protection for Alice and Catherine. When they leave the building, Mrs. Tredoni slips in the back through the basement, wearing the yellow rain slicker and mask. She goes up to Catherine's apartment, apparently planning on murdering the first person she sees, but she finds the door locked. As she knocks on Catherine's door, Alphonso awakens and reacts in horror when the roaches begin to crawl over him. He starts screaming and alerts Cranston that something is wrong. Mrs. Tredoni hears it too, and she panics that he is drawing attention to the scene too soon. She runs back down the stairs, but Alphonso emerges and sees her running past his apartment. Thinking her to be Alice, he grabs her and starts to manhandle her, so she pulls out the kitchen knife and stabs him in the chest several times. He stumbles back into his apartment and dies. When Mrs. Tredoni tries to escape through the basement, Cranston smashes down the front door and sees her. In her panic, she has forgotten to put the mask back on, and he easily identifies her.Still wearing the yellow slicker, Mrs. Tredoni returns to the church and enters the sanctuary during service, making her way to where Alice and Catherine are sitting. Outside, the police arrive and discuss the best way to apprehend Mrs. Tredoni. Father Tom warns them not to try and confront her, as she is too close to Alice and her mother. Tom believes he can convince Mrs. Tredoni to come peacefully, since she adores him.During communion, Alice, Catherine, and Mrs. Tredoni all come up to the front side by side. Father Tom gives Catherine the wafer, but skips Alice. He also skips Mrs. Tredoni, instead leaning toward her and quietly asking her to go with the police. Mrs. Tredoni becomes indignant and asks why he will not give her communion; becoming furious, she shouts But you give it to the whore!, pointing at Catherine. In a rage, Mrs. Tredoni pulls out the knife and stabs Father Tom through the throat. The congregation reacts in horror. Mrs. Tredoni clutches Father Tom to her as he dies, his blood pouring over the yellow rain slicker. Alice remains curiously detached from what is happening. In the confusion, a few policemen run into the church and arrest Mrs. Tredoni, while Alice has claimed Mrs. Tredoni's bag. Alice, still having not received communion, walks out of the church and pulls out the knife briefly, fondling the handle and smiling to herself (insinuating that Alice might one day adopt Mrs. Tredoni's murderous killing spree herself).
tags: mystery,  cult,  horror,  murder,  atmospheric, 

title: You're Next
synopsis: In the opening scene, Adam and Talia (Kate Lyn Sheil) are seen having sex. After they finish, Adam gets up to take a shower while Talia heads downstairs to make herself a drink. She notices that the sliding glass doors in the living room are open. She closes the doors then puts on a CD. Adam finishes with his shower, and steps out into the bedroom, where he sees something written on the mirror. As he steps closer, he realizes the message is written in blood and reads, You're Next. When he looks down, he finds Talia lying in a pool of blood, stabbed to death. As Adam turns around, he is accosted by a masked man, who kills him with a machete to the head.In the next scene, Paul (Rob Moran) and Aubrey (Barbara Crampton), a middle-aged couple, are driving to their country home. As they pass by their neighbors house, Paul mentions that the neighbor (Adam) recently left his wife for a co-ed (Talia). They enter their country home, a stately mansion, heavily secluded deep in the woods. As they are unpacking, Audrey hears a noise come from upstairs. She is then startled by Paul, who enters the dining room where she was setting up. She asks if he was upstairs just then; he says no. She thinks someone is upstairs, but he just brushes it off, saying its a creaky old house. Just then, they hear another sound. Paul sends Aubrey outside, while he goes up to investigate. He enters the upstairs bedroom and is about to open a dark closet door, when he is startled by Crispian, his son. Crispian (AJ Bowen) asks why his mother is outside, crying. Paul and Crispian head downstairs; once they leave the room, the closet door creaks open, revealing that someone was, in fact, hiding inside.Paul and Crispian meet Aubrey outside, where she is comforted by Erin (Sharni Vinson), Crispian's Australian girlfriend. It is later revealed that the entire weekend is a family reunion of sorts, which includes Crispian's two brothers and his sister. Erin and Crispian are the first to arrive, with the rest set to arrive the next day. That night, while in bed, Crispian reveals to Erin that his father was in the marketing department for a huge defense contract company, and the family is loaded.The next morning, Crispian awakens and heads downstairs, where he finds Erin sitting with Drake (Joe Swanberg), Crispians brother, and Kelly (Margaret Laney), Drakes wife. Drake is somewhat arrogant and condescending, and mocks Crispian for being fat as a child. Erin goes into the kitchen where Aubrey is preparing dinner and asks if she needs help. Aubrey asks if Erin can go to the neighbors house (Alan) and borrow some milk. Erin heads over to the house, where she hears the Dwight Twilley song blaring. As she knocks on the door, the song ends, and starts right up again. From inside the house, we see Alan's dead body propped up on the sofa, so it appears he is just sitting, as we hear Erin knock on the door. When she receives no reply, she heads back to the house.Later that night, the rest of the family arrive: Felix (Nicholas Tucci), Crispian and Drakes other brother, and his girlfriend, Zee (Wendy Glenn), a moody goth chick; and Aimee (Amy Seimetz), the little sister, and her boyfriend, Tariq (Ti West), a documentary filmmaker.As the family sits down to dinner, Paul toasts the reunion of the family, and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. However, the mood is suddenly broken when Drake starts mocking Tariq's films, claiming that he enjoys commercials more than actual film making, then asks Crispian how he and Erin met. Crispian (who is a teacher/professor) reveals that Erin was originally his TA, but stopped when they begin dating. Drake mutters that it was unprofessional under his breath, which Crispian hears, and an argument ensues. Soon, the rest of the family joins in, and everyone starts arguing. In the middle of all of this, Tariq looks out the window and sees something. He gets up from the table and approaches the window. Suddenly, an arrow bursts through the glass, striking Tariq square in the forehead. No one notices at first, until they see Tariq stumble around, then drop dead to the floor with the arrow sticking out of his head. More arrows burst through the window panes, causing everyone to fall to the ground and seek cover. In the middle of the panic, Aubrey stands up, and Drake moves to push her out of the way, just as another arrow breaks through the glass, hitting Drake in the shoulder.The family makes it out of the dining room, while they tend to Drakes wound. Everyone checks their phones to call 911, but none of the phones are working. Felix mentions that whoever it is might be jamming the signals. Erin grabs her phone and sends a text message to 911, revealing that she knows that they have to respond to that, but is unsure if they will get a decent signal. They decide that one of them should run outside and try to get to one of the cars. Aimee volunteers. Crispian suggests that Aimee get a running start, and that he and Paul will open the doors at the last second, so as to catch the killers by surprise. Aimee makes a break for the door. They open the doors, and she makes it outside, but is immediately cut down by a length of piano wire stretched horizontally in front of the door. The wire slices Aimee's jugular, and, after they pull her back inside to safety, the family watches helplessly as she bleeds to death. Aubrey breaks down after watching her daughter die. Erin runs upstairs and checks around, finding no one, and suggests they put Aubrey to bed. Paul comforts Aubrey as he puts her in bed, and leaves her in the room, locking the door behind him.Aubrey is inconsolable, and continues to cry in bed, just as a man dressed in black clothes and wearing a Fox Mask crawls out from under the bed. As Aubrey continues to wail, Fox Mask pulls out a machete and kills Aubrey with a blow to the head. The rest of the family hears Aubrey's scream and rush upstairs, where they find Aubrey's corpse, and the words You're Next scrawled on the wall in her blood. Paul breaks down, and is helped back downstairs by his sons. Kelly goes up into the bedroom to see Aubrey's corpse, and notices the window is open. She moves to close the window, then hears something in the room. She peeks down under the bed and sees Fox Mask. Frightened, Kelly runs from the room, screaming, and runs outside. Drake goes after her, but knocks the back of the arrow sticking out of his shoulder against the piano wire, causing him extreme pain. He grabs the end of the arrow and yanks it from his shoulder, causing him to pass out. Crispian and Erin pull Drake back inside the house. Crispian then tells Erin that hes going to go look for help and promises that he will return.Kelly rushes through the woods and comes upon Alan's house. She sees Alan sitting on his couch, and she screams to be let inside, slamming her hands against the back windows. Alan, however, doesn't respond because he is dead. As Kelly continues to pound on the glass, the reflection of a man wearing a Tiger Mask materializes behind her. She turns around just as a person with a tiger mask throws her through the glass. Kelly, injured and bleeding, begins crawling on the floor, as Tiger Mask pulls out an maul, puts his foot on Kelly's neck, and slams the maul into Kelly's head. Tiger Mask then pulls the maul from Kelly's head, then sits down on the couch next to Alan's corpse, staring at Kelly's dead body.Back at the house, Erin goes into the kitchen to gather weapons and grabs a kitchen knife. As she passes by a window, a hand bursts through, as a man wearing a Lamb Mask grabs her by the hair. Erin struggles to break free, and stabs Lamb Mask in the hand, pinning it against the wall. Lamb Mask screams, as Erin moves to get another weapon, grabbing a meat pounder. When she turns back to the window, she finds Lamb Mask is gone.Erin goes back to the living room, where she finds Felix and Zee, and is about to hand them weapons when another window explodes, causing Erin to fall to the ground, dropping all of the weapons. She looks up and sees that Kellys corpse was used to break the glass, as Tiger Mask enters the home, wielding the axe. He raises it and slams it down on Erin, who moves out of the way just in time. Erin then kicks Tiger Mask in the crotch, then grabs the meat pounder. She strikes Tiger Mask in the knee, causing him to fall over and then bludgeons him to death with the meat pounder. Felix and Zee watch in horror, as Tiger Mask lies dead on the ground, surrounded by his own blood and brains. Erin reveals Tiger Masks face, asking Felix and Zee if they know him. They both say 'no'. Erin guesses that there are at least two other assailants, and that one is definitely in the house. Hearing this, Paul grabs a knife, and heads back upstairs, seeking revenge for his wife's death. Erin notices that he's gone and goes to find him, but Felix and Zee offer to go get him instead. Erin then heads down to the basement after Felix reveals that there are additional tools (weapons) down there.While upstairs, Paul searches for the other assailant, and is shadowed by Fox Mask. Paul checks the closet from earlier, and finds a sleeping bag, bottled water, and even a bottle filled with urine, revealing that someone had camped out in the closet over a few days. He is startled by Felix and Zee, who try to convince him to come back downstairs. Paul tells them that they're being targeted, that this wasn't a random act of violence, just as Fox Mask steps out of the corner and slices Paul's throat with the machete. Paul dies a slow, bloody, agonizing death, as Felix and Zee watch without emotion. After Paul dies, Fox Mask walks up to Felix and Zee. Felix asks Fox Mask why he did that in front of them. It is then revealed that the assailants are working for Felix and that he is after the inheritance, which is worth millions.Downstairs, Lamb Mask enters the house, and finds Tiger Mask dead on the ground. Lamb Mask goes into a rage, turning the dining room table over, and screaming. Erin hears his screams, grabs a screwdriver, and heads back upstairs. Drake also awakens from the screams, and is cornered by Lamb Mask, who is hell bent on revenge. He approaches Drake with the machete, just as Erin runs into the room, and stabs Lamb Mask in the back. Lamb Mask screams in pain, then rushes out the front door, with the screwdriver still in his back. Erin tells Drake that he blacked out. He asks about Kelly, and, not wanting to reveal the truth, Erin says she doesn't know where she is. Felix and Zee re-enter the room, and both say that they found nothing upstairs. Erin then tells Drake and Felix to go down to the basement to find more weapons, as she and Zee will make booby traps. Erin and Zee then take some boards and drive nails into them, placing them under the exposed windows, so that anyone stepping inside will step on a nail. Zee asks where Erin learned all of her tactics. Erin reveals that she had a strange childhood, and that her father went crazy when she was a child, and moved the entire family to the Outback, and basically raised Erin in a survivalist compound. As she explains this, Zee picks up one of the boards and is about to drive the nails into Erin, but stops when she turns around.Downstairs, Felix reveals to Drake that Kelly is actually dead. Drake breaks down and yells at his brother, who proceeds to stab Drake in the chest with five screwdrivers, yelling for him to die.Meanwhile, Erin asks about Paul, and Zee says he upstairs, and hes fine. Erin wants to go up and check on him, but Zee volunteers to do so. Erin says they can go up together. Zee changes her mind, and says she feels safer downstairs. Erin heads upstairs, as Zee goes to the basement to meet up with Felix. Upstairs, Erin finds Paul's corpse, and is suddenly cornered by Fox Mask. With nowhere to go, she jumps from the second story window, landing hard on the ground below, as a shard of glass impales her left leg. Fox Mask looks down from the second story, as Erin limps off into the woods. Felix and Zee meet up with Fox Mask, and explains that everything is going wrong. He tells Fox Mask to go get Erin and kill her, but Fox Mask says that hes faster and stronger than her, and doesn't seem to be in a hurry to finish the job. Felix reminds Fox Mask that he is paying him a lot of money. Fox Mask exits the room, as Zee pushes Felix onto the bed and tries to initiate sex. Felix says hes not in the mood, and Zee says she wants him to fuck me next to your dead mother. Felix is revolted, as Zee states that he never wants to do anything interesting. Felix leaves the room, while Zee steals a ring off of Aubrey's corpse.Erin limps next to a tree, pulling out a mini-flashlight, and pulls the shard from her leg. She hears a noise and turns with the flashlight, revealing Lamb Mask, aiming a crossbow at her. He fires, but she ducks just in time, and makes back towards the house.Erin crawls through one of the shattered windows and hides behind a curtain. Lamb Mask crawls through the same open window, avoiding the boards with the protruding nails, but doesn't see the other board placed closer to the windowsill, and steps right on a nail. Lamb Mask screams in agony, as Felix, Zee, and Fox Mask make their way into the living room. Lamb Mask pulls the nail from his foot. Felix complains about Lamb Mask bleeding on the carpet, leaving his DNA. Lamb Mask, enraged, grabs Felix and shoves him against the wall, shouting about Erin killing his brother (Tiger Mask). Felix claims he didnt know they were brothers, he just knew they served together (implying that the assailants are all ex-soldiers, possibly working for the defense company that made the family rich). When Lamb Mask threatens Felix again, Felix, though frightened, states that no one will get anything if he dies, since he alone will receive the entire inheritance of his family's estate (revealing that he killed Drake). He does, however, offer to pay Lamb Mask and Fox Mask extra as soon as the inheritance comes through. Erin, hiding behind the curtain, hears all of this, when suddenly her cell phone starts to beep. The sound gets everyone's attention, as Erin fumbles with the phone, revealing that her text message to 911 sent earlier has gone through, meaning the cops are on their way.After Felix agrees to pay the remaining assailants extra, Fox Mask grabs the machete, and walks over to the curtains to kill Erin. Erin, weaponless, raises her fists, and, when Fox Mask pulls back the curtains, she punches him straight in the throat. Fox Mask grabs his throat, choking, as Erin escapes out of the house. When she makes it outside, she double backs into the house through another exposed window. Felix, Zee, Fox Mask (having recovered from the throat punch) rush out to catch her, with Lamb Mask, dragging his wounded foot, follows behind. Felix, Zee, and Fox Mask split up to search for Erin, with Felix taking the crossbow from Fox Mask. Lamb Mask, once he makes it outside, notices the other open window, and slowly approaches it with the axe ready. When he pokes his head through the window, Erin stabs him in the head with a screwdriver, killing him, and taking the maul.While inside the house, Erin sets up a booby trap by positioning the maul above the door, holding it with a brick and some yarn, and tying it to a chair, so that once the front door is opened, the axe comes swinging down, and kills whomever walks through. As she finishes setting up the trap, she sees Fox Mask heading back inside the house. She anticipates him opening the front door, but is surprised when he enters through one of the exposed windows. Erin makes her way down to the basement, where she smashes all of the lights. She sets up her digital camera to take numerous pictures automatically, each time with a flash. Fox Mask enters the darkened basement, lit only by the flashes of the camera. As he approaches the camera, Erin takes a block of wood and smashes Fox Mask over the head. She then beats Fox Mask to death with the block of wood and exits the basement.She heads back into the living room and slowly picks up a discarded knife, not seeing that Felix is outside the house with the crossbow, putting her in his sights. She senses something, then turns right as the arrow bursts through the glass. She falls over, seemingly hit. Felix and Zee crawl through one of the windows and go to find Erin.Zee enters the kitchen, where she finds Erin (who was not hit by the arrow), and they fight. Felix enters and stabs Erin in the shoulder with a knife. Erin grabs a blender and smashes the glass over Felix's head, then places the exposed blades on top of his head, wraps the cord around his neck, and plugs the blender into the wall socket. The blender starts up, the blades cutting through Felix's skull, killing him. Zee watches in horror, as Erin pulls the knife from her shoulder, and stabs Zee through the head, killing her, as well.As Erin, exhausted and bleeding, sits next to the corpses of Felix and Zee, she hears Felix's cell phone ring. She grabs the phone and accepts the call, but doesn't say anything. She hears Crispian on the other end, asking Felix if it is over. Crispian enters the house, continuing to talk to whom he believes is Felix, until she turns a corner and finds Erin holding the cell phone in one hand, a knife in the other. Crispian asks about Felix and Zee; Erin reveals that she killed them both. Crispian tries to explain that he was in on it, but that was because he was broke, and offers to pay off Erin's student loans, quit her bartending job, take a vacation, etc. He tries to explain that she was never meant to be harmed, but that things got out of control. He slowly approaches her, trying to convince her that she can either be rich or he could go to jail. Erin then stabs him in the neck behind the ear, causing him to bleed severely, before finishing him off by stabbing him in the eye. Crispian falls to the ground, dead.Just as Erin is about to leave, she is shot in the shoulder, and falls to the ground. A young police officer stands next to one of the exposed windows, holding his smoking gun, surprised by either what he did or what he's seen. Mistakenly thinking that Erin might be responsible for all of the killings, the cop returns to the patrol car and radios into dispatch about bringing backup and an ambulance. He then turns to head inside the house and opens the front door. Erin, with very little strength, screams for the cop not to enter through that way, just as the maul slams into the policeman's face.
tags: dark,  comedy,  realism,  murder,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  entertaining, 

title: Friday the 13th: A New Beginning
synopsis: A young Tommy Jarvis (Corey Feldman) stumbles upon a graveyard while walking through the woods on a rainy night, where he witnesses two grave robbers digging up the corpse of Jason Voorhees. Jason rises from the grave and murders the two graverobbers before advancing towards Tommy.Awakening from his nightmare, fifteen-year-old Tommy is delivered to Pinehurst; a halfway house in which he can hope to acclimate to a normal life. The director Pam introduces Tommy to the head doctor Matt, and up in his assigned room, he meets Reggie, a boy who is visiting his grandfather George who works in the kitchen. Other teens introduced are Robin, goth Violet, shy Jake, attitude-ridden Vic and compulsive eater Joey. The sheriff brings two more residents, nymphomaniac couple Tina and Eddie, after catching them having sex on the neighbor Ethel Hubbard's lawn. The Hubbards show up moments later and threaten to have the loony bin closed down. Afterward, Vic and Joey get in a minor altercation, which results in Vic slaughtering Joey with an axe and he is subsequently arrested. Attending ambulance drivers Duke and Roy Burns discover the body. Roy is devastated and angered by Duke's light attitude regarding the murder. That night, two teens, Pete and Vinnie, are stranded by the road. They are soon killed when an unseen killer shoves a road flare into Vinnie's mouth, then slashes Pete's throat with a machete. The following night, hospital orderly Billy and his girlfriend Lana are killed with an double-bit axe. Panic begins to ensue, but the mayor refuses the sheriff's claim that somehow Jason Voorhees has returned. Meanwhile, Tommy experiences hallucinations of Jason (in his regular hockey mask) when he takes his medicine while Tina and Eddie run off to have sex.Ethel's temporary farmhand is murdered watching the teens have sex, then Tina's eyes are gouged out by a pair of long-handle garden shears while Eddie is away for a moment. He returns to discover her, and is killed when his skull is crushed against a tree with a belt. At the house, George gives Reggie permission to visit his visiting brother Demon, and Matt convinces Pam to take Tommy with them. While there, Junior instigates a fight with Tommy, and he runs off when Pam tries to stop it. After Reggie and Pam leave, Demon and his girlfriend Nita are killed as well. Pam returns Reggie to the house and they say that Matt and George left to find Tina and Eddie who hadn't returned and Pam leaves to find everyone. At the Hubbard farm, Junior is decapitated riding his bike angrily in the yard while Ethel is killed with a cleaver into her face. While watching ''A Place in the Sun'' on TV, Jake confesses his attraction to Robin who laughs at him and he storms off, only to be killed by a cleaver to his face. Later, Robin goes to bed and discovers Jake's body before she is brutally stabbed from under her bed. The killer moves into Violet's room and stabs her while she is dancing to music. Reggie awakens and discovers their bodies in Tommy's room before running into Pam. Jason bursts into the house and chases them out into the rain, after discovering Duke's dead body they double back and Pam finds Matt, dead with a spike through his skull. She returns to the house and George, whose eyes had been gouged out, is thrown through a window at her. She rushes toward the barn, chased by Jason, but he is struck by a tractor driven by Reggie. They run into the barn and hide as Jason comes to find them. Tommy comes shortly after and believes Jason to be a hallucination until he is attacked by him. Together, they manage to have Jason into falling out of the loft window and he is killed on a harrow below. In the process, it is revealed that it was actually Roy Burns all along.At the hospital, the sheriff tells Pam that Joey was Roy's son, and after seeing him slaughtered adopted Jason's M.O. to kill everyone at the house. She goes to Tommy's room who awakens and stabs her with a hidden machete before Tommy awakens to a hallucination of Jason. Facing his fears, he makes Jason's illusion disappear. He hears Pam approaching and throws his bed through the window to make it look like he's escaped. When she rushes in, he appears from behind the door, wearing Roy's hockey mask and holding a knife as the screen goes to black.
tags: boring,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  alternate reality,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Pet Sematary
synopsis: The Creed family moves from Chicago to the small town of Ludlow, Maine. They end up befriending their elderly neighbor, Jud Crandell, who takes them to the isolated pet cemetery (misspelled Sematary) behind the Creeds' new home.Later, Louis Creed is working at the University of Maine when a young student named Victor Pascow is brought in with severe injuries from a car accident. The young man dies, but not before warning Louis (by name) of the pet cemetery. That night, in what is seemingly a dream, Victor visits Louis, warning him about the burial ground beyond the pet cemetery. Louis wakes up to find his feet covered in dirt.Church, a cat owned by Louis' daughter Ellie, is killed by a truck on the road in front of their house while Rachel, Ellie and Gage are in Chicago. Jud takes Louis to an ancient Micmac Indian burial ground, the real cemetery, to bury the cat. Louis asks if a person was ever buried in the grounds. Jud replies, Christ on His throne, no. And whoever would? Church comes back that night, but an evil shell of himself, attacking Louis and smelling of death.
Sometime later, Louis' young son Gage is killed by a truck on the same road. Louis considers burying Gage in the burial grounds. Jud tries to dissuade him from doing so, telling him about a young man from town, Timmy Baterman, who died in service during World War II. Timmy's father, Bill, placed his son's corpse into the Micmac burial ground, only to have it reanimate and terrify the townsfolk. Jud and three of his friends tried burning down the house with the son in it, but Bill was attacked by Timmy and they both perished in the fire.Rachel begs Louis to go with her and Ellie to Chicago, but he declines. Louis heads to the cemetery Gage is buried in, intending to exhume his son's body. He is met at the graveyard by Pascow, who warns him not to proceed.
On the flight, Ellie has a nightmare, stating that Paxcow warned her that Louis is going to do something really bad, and that he is trying to help because Louis tried to save his life. Rachel realizes who her daughter is talking about and calls Jud after Louis does not answer the phone. She asks if he has seen Louis, and then tells him she is returning. Jud warns her not to, but she has already hung up.Louis takes his son's corpse to the Micmac burial ground. Pascow's spirit unsuccessfully tries to stop Louis. Louis returns home, exhausted from his activities. Gage later arrives and enters his father's room, removing a scalpel from one of his bags. Gage enters Jud's house and kills Jud while Church watches.
Rachel arrives home, hearing something that sounds like her late sister, Zelda, calling her name, then Gage's laughter. Rachel enters Jud's house and finds Gage in an upstairs bedroom. Gage tells her he brought her something and shows her Louis' scalpel. Rachel hugs her son in disbelief and is murdered.
Louis wakes up to find Gage's muddy footprints on the floor, his doctor's bag open and his scalpel gone. He receives a call from Gage saying, Come play with me daddy! First I played with Jud, and then I played with mommy. We had an awful good time. Now I want to play wiff yewww.Preparing shots of morphine, Louis heads to Jud's house, running into Church once more. He distracts the cat with a raw steak, then kills him with a shot of morphine. He heads into the house, once more taunted by Gage. Louis searches the house only to have Rachel's corpse fall from the attic, hanged by her neck. Gage attacks his father, but Louis injects the boy with a morphine shot, killing him. Louis soaks the house in kerosene and sets it on fire, carrying his wife's body out. Pascow watches, and tells Louis he is sorry, and not to bury Rachel in the same place. Louis replies that he waited too long with Gage, and that it will work with his wife because she just died. Louis walks through Pascow, who vanishes screaming.At home, Louis plays solitaire while he waits. At midnight, Rachel comes through the kitchen door. She coos Darling... and the two embrace kissing as it is revealed that her face is ravaged and oozing cranial fluid. Rachel reaches for a steak knife on the kitchen table. The screen blacks out as Rachel stabs him while Louis screams.
tags: psychological,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  suspenseful, 

title: Sphere
synopsis: Dr. Norman Goodman (Dustin Hoffman) is called to a location in the Pacific Ocean, for what he thinks is a plane crash. His specialty is psychiatry and dealing with crash survivors. The helicopter pilot (Huey Lewis - yes THAT Huey Lewis!) tells him they've been ferrying all kinds of scientists to this location.Onboard a naval ship, Norman sees astrophysicist Dr. Ted Fielding (Liev Schriber) and biochemist Dr. Beth Halperin (Sharon Stone), but is unable to talk to them. The ship's captain, Harold Barnes (Peter Coyote) briefs them - the plane crash is a spacecraft, a huge ship buried under 300 years of coral. In addition to Beth, Norman and Ted, mathematician Dr. Harry Adams (Samuel L. Jackson) is also on the contact team, which was recommended by Norman many years ago.The team goes through a medical examination, and a dive briefing by an instructor (James Pickens Jr.), who tells them there is no quick return to the surface. The team takes a sub to the crash site habitat, and they all begin to exhibit signs of nervousness. It's clear that Norman and Beth have some history. The habitat is manned by Edmunds (Marga Gomez) and Alice Fletcher (Queen Latifah), who is directing a Navy dive team to set up a drone by the ship's door.The team puts on dive suits and walks on the seafloor to the spacecraft, and the door opens for them. Beth sees footprints in the dust, and Barnes splits them into 2 groups. Beth and Norman step onto an elevator, which takes them to the bridge. Ted, Harry and Barnes find English text and advanced metallurgy. Beth finds a human skeleton, and deduces the ship is American. The flight recorder shows dates from the future and an entry for Unknown Entry Event. A holographic display reveals that the ship travelled through a black hole. The team finds a huge sphere in a cargo hold. The sphere doesn't reflect the team members, but everything else.Back in the habitat, Ted theorizes that the ship time-travelled through a black hole and arrived 300 years ago. Harry thinks the sphere is alive, and that since the future ship has no information about the black hole, the contact team will not get a chance to warn anyone; therefore, they are destined to die in the habitat. He also expresses a desire to get into the sphere. At the same time, Barnes gets a message that a cyclone is approaching topside, and the team must return to the surface before it hits.As the team is preparing to return, alarms go off, and video monitors show Harry entering the sphere through his reflection. Due to Harry's disappearance, the return to the surface is cancelled. Norman goes to the sphere, and finds Harry at its base, unconscious. Norman sees his reflection in the sphere, and communications with the surface are suddenly interrupted. Harry is taken back to the sphere, as is Norman.Norman sits gazing out a window, and sees a jellyfish. Fletcher takes some tapes to the mini-sub outside, and is attacked and killed by jellyfish. Beth later analyzes the jellyfish and determines it's not a normal one. Barnes questions Norman about Beth's mental state, and Harry wakes up from his coma, feeling exuberant and making comments about never leaving. He appears calm about Fletcher's death, but freaks out over calamari.Later, as Norman and Ted argue over Ted's jealousy on Harry, Edmunds bring them to the communications center, where the computers are acting strangely. Harry notices the codes on the computer are in binary code. After decryption, the messages reads, Hello. How are you. I am fine. What is your name? My name is Jerry. Norman worries that Jerry appears to have emotions, and what the repercussions would be if Jerry gets mad.Later, they hear noise outside the habitat, and Norman and Beth investigate, finding Edmunds' mangled body outside. Meanwhile, Harry reads 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Norman and Beth bring Edmunds' body back inside, and are attacked by strange egg shapes, with something large approaching.Norman tries to contact Jerry, and discovers Jerry can hear them directly. When Norman asks to talk without Jerry listening, and Jerry becomes petulant, and a large squid approaches the habitat. Jerry says (via computer) I am here, and the squid attacks. Ted bashes his head while adjusting the internal pressure, and Norman activates the external defense system, which causes a fire. As they rush to combat the fire, Jerry states, I will kill you all. Ted tries to wake Harry, but can't. Barnes get crushed by an emergency door and Ted is killed by fire, then the fire suddenly is extinguished.After the emergency, Norman talks to Jerry, who exhibits a childlike understanding of life, but immense power. Jerry tells Norman to stop calling him Jerry. Norman then talks to Harry, who is calm but unaware of the incidents. Norman goes to reset the mini-sub, but on the way back, he gets holes in his suit. Harry watches dispassionately and directs Norman to the airlock, but Norman is attacked by a sea snake.Beth goes into the spaceship, saying she's looking for food. Distrust arises among the 3 survivors, as Beth was supposed to be monitoring Norman during his trek. Norman finds another copy of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, and then the entire pantry is full of copies. Beth plants mines around the spaceship.Norman re-calculates the code, and realizes the j and e are incorrect - they should be h and a, which means Jerry is actually Harry. Later, Norman explains this to Beth and also explains the squid - it's a part of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Norman theorizes the sphere made the change in Harry. Beth and Harry plot to sedate Harry, and he goes under quickly.Beth and Harry get a signal from topside that a sub will arrive in 6 hours. Norman is attacked by sea snakes in the bathroom, but Beth saves him without emotion, saying Norman manifested the snakes. She locks him inside the lab and tells him to sedate himself. When he refuses, she floods the lab, and Norman goes outside the habitat, returning through the main airlock. Meanwhile, Beth begins to doubt her own sanity and Harry wakes up. Norman realizes that all 3 of them went into the sphere, and that is what happened to the original crew.The explosives Beth set become armed. With 13 minutes remaining, the 3 head to the mini-sub. Reality keeps changing, but Norman finds a way to launch the sub. The bombs explode, destroying the spaceship and habitat, but the mini-sub makes it to the surface.Several hours later, the 3 complete decompression, and discuss their story. Norman reminds Harry that they shouldn't be alive, since they made it to the surface, and could tell the authorities what happened. Harry suggests they use their power to forget that they have the power. They count to three, and the sphere rises from the deep and disappears into outer space. Beth, Harry and Norman have successfully forgotten their power...perhaps.
tags: psychological,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful, 

title: Friday the 13th
synopsis: In a brief prologue set in 1958, two summer camp counselors at Camp Crystal Lake, named Barry (Willie Adams) and Claudette (Debra S. Hayes), sneak away from a camp fire sing-along to have sex. Before they can completely undress, an unseen assailant sneaks into the room and murders them both.The film moves forward to (the present) Friday June 13th; a young woman named Annie (Robbi Morgan) enters a small diner and asks for directions to Camp Crystal Lake, much to the shock of the restaurant's patrons and staff. A strange old man named Ralph (Walt Gorney) reacts to the news of the camp's reopening by warning Annie that they are all doomed. Enos (Rex Everhart), a friendly truck driver from the diner, agrees to give Annie a lift halfway to the camp. During the drive, he warns her about the camp, informing her that a young boy drowned in Crystal Lake in 1957, one year before the double murders occurred. After Enos lets her out, Annie walks on. A little later, Annie hitches a ride and gets picked up by an unseen driver in a Jeep. As the driver speeds past the entrance to the camp, Annie becomes concerned and leaps from the moving vehicle when the driver fails to stop, fleeing into the woods. The unseen driver chases her into the woods and slits her throat with a bowie knife.At the camp, the other counselors, Ned (Mark Nelson), Jack (Kevin Bacon), Bill (Harry Crosby), Marcie (Jeannine Taylor), Alice (Adrienne King), and Brenda (Laurie Bartram) are refurbishing the cabins and facilities along with the camp's demanding owner, Steve Christy (Peter Brouwer). They have a few strange incidents, including a prank where one of them pretends to drown, and an unwelcome visit from the local police. They find a large snake in one of the cabins, chopping it in half with a machete. They also receive a visit from Ralph, who again warns them that they are doomed. As a violent storm closes in on the horizon, Steve leaves the campgrounds to get more supplies.Meanwhile, the unidentified killer (still unseen except for a pair of black slacks, a brown plad shirt and a class ring on his/her left ring finger) begins to isolate and murder the counselors one by one. Ned spots the killer (now wearing a hooded black rainslicker) walking into a cabin. Nick follows the person into the cabin.As the violent rainstorm hits the camp, Marcie and Jack later enter the cabin and have sex in one of the bunks, unaware that Ned's dead body is in the upper berth. Afterwards, Marcie leaves to visit the ladies bathroom, and Jack is attacked by the killer, who is lying in wait underneath the cot. The murderer drives an arrow up through the bed and it pierces Jack's throat, killing him. While using the bathroom, Marcie hears a noise by the showers. Thinking its Jack playing a joke on her, she goes and pulls back a shower curtain. Finding nothing, she turns around and finds the unseen killer wielding an felling axe and gets it slammed in her face.Bill, Alice, and Brenda play strip Monopoly in Alice's cabin, until the rain makes Brenda remember she left her cabin windows open. As Brenda settles down to bed, she hears a faint, child-like voice calling Help me! from the woods. Brenda walks outside with a flashlight in the pouring rain trying to locate where the child's voice is coming from. She ventures to the archery range where the hooded rainslicker killer turns on the blinding lights at the range, distracting Brenda who is then killed off-screen. Hearing her scream, Bill and Alice go to investigate but only find the bloody axe (the same axe used to kill Marcie) in Brenda's bed. After looking around the camp, they find nobody and begin to suspect that something is up. Attempting to call the police, they discover the phone lines have been cut and that the cars won't start when they try to leave.Meanwhile, Steve is in town having dinner at a local diner when he goes back to his jeep for the drive back to Camp Crystal Lake. But during the drive, his jeep, towing a trailer, gets stuck in the mud off a secondary road. Yet a passing policeman gives him a ride part of the way back to the camp. Steve is let out as the officer gets a call about a car accident in town. With the rain letting up, Steve begins to walk back to the camp alone. When Steve arrives at the entrance to the camp, he is also murdered, apparently familiar with his attacker.When the lights go out all over the camp, Bill goes to check on the power generator, but doesn't know how to operate it or figure out what is wrong. When Bill doesn't return, Alice heads out to the generator cabin looking for him, and she finds his body pinned to a door by several arrows. Now alone, Alice flees back to the main cabin and hides. After a few moments of silence, Brenda's corpse is hurled through a window. Alice hears a vehicle outside the cabin and, thinking it to be Steve, runs out to warn him. Instead she finds a middle-aged woman who introduces herself as Mrs. Voorhees (Betsy Palmer), an old friend of the Christys. Alice hysterically tries to tell her about the murders. Mrs. Voorhees expresses horror at the sight of Brenda's body, but she soon reveals herself to be the mother of the boy who drowned in the lake in 1957.Talking mostly to herself, she blames her son Jason's drowning on the fact that two counselors were having sex and were unaware of Jason's struggling in the lake. She tells Alice that today happens to be Jason's birthday, which Alice beings to worry on where Steve is. Mrs. Voorhees suddenly turns violent and pulls out her bowie knife (thus revealing the bowie knife as well as her class ring on her left ring finger confirming that Mrs. Voorhees is the killer), rushing at Alice, but Alice uses a fireplace poker and temporally knocks Mrs. Voorhees unconscious. A lengthy chase ensues, during which Alice flees her attacker and finds Steve's and Annie's bodies in the process.Mrs. Voorhees turns back on the generator to the camp and then chases Alice all over the camp in a climatic chase, in which speaks to herself in Jason's voice. She corners Alice in a storage shed, where Alice has found a rifle. Before Alice can load it, Mrs. Voorhees attacks her and slaps her around. Alice escapes and runs back to the main cabin, hiding behind a locked door in the pantry. Mrs. Voorhees, now brandishing a machete breaks the door open and rushes in at Alice. Alice hits her on the side of the head with a frying pan, rendering her unconscious and believing to be dead.Heading out to the side of the lake, Alice sits down next to the water, but Mrs. Voorhees comes rushing out at her again with the machete. Narrowly avoiding her machete, The two of them then wrestle next to the lake. Besting her attacker, Alice gains the upper hand and finally kills Mrs. Voorhees by decapitating her. Now in shock, Alice gets in a canoe and rows out to the middle of the lake, where she falls asleep.Morning comes, and Alice is still asleep in the canoe. Police arrive and call out to her, and she awakens. As she sits up and contemplates her own rescue, the decomposing body of Jason (Ari Lehman), attacks Alice and pulls her out of the canoe. Just as she is dragged underwater, she wakes in a hospital, where a police officer tells her that they pulled her out of the lake, and that everyone at the camp are dead. When she asks about Jason, the officer informs her they never found any boy. Alice replies, Then he's still there. and shows the lake at peace.
tags: suspenseful,  grindhouse film,  cruelty,  gothic,  murder,  boring,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist,  prank, 

title: The Birds
synopsis: Melanie Daniels (Tippi Hedren) is a young San Francisco socialite whose wealthy father owns a large newspaper. As the film opens, Melanie is visiting a pet shop to buy a mynah bird for her aunt. While in the pet shop, she meets a man named Mitch Brenner (Rod Taylor) who mistakes her for a shop clerk. Melanie pretends to sell him a pair of lovebirds, until Mitch reveals that he knew her name all along; Mitch is a lawyer who recognizes Melanie from a court appearance where one of her practical jokes backfired and resulted in a damaged window. Melanie is incensed and uses Mitch's license plate number to find out his identity and address. The next day, she buys Mitch a pair of lovebirds and attempts to deliver them to his apartment, but when she tries to leave the birds in his hallway, a neighbor (Richard Deacon) tells her that Mitch spends his weekends at his family home in a small town up the coast called Bodega Bay, and won't return until Monday.Not wanting to let her joke go, Melanie decides to journey to Bodega Bay; she drives up the coast and questions a general store owner in the little town about Mitch's family. He points across the bay to the Brenners' house where Mitch is staying with his mother, Lydia (Jessica Tandy) and his 11-year-old sister Cathy (Veronica Cartwright). The shopkeeper knows it is Cathy's birthday, but cannot remember the girl's name. Melanie gets the idea to gift the birds to Cathy in order to further embarrass Mitch; to confirm the girl's name, the shopkeeper directs Melanie to the home of the local school teacher, Annie Hayworth (Suzanne Pleshette). Annie is a lovely woman around Melanie's age, and she understands immediately that Melanie came here to flirt with Mitch.Melanie returns to town and takes a skiff across the bay to the private dock of the Brenner house, sneaking inside and leaving the bird cage in the living room with a note identifying them as a gift for Cathy. When she sneaks back down to her boat, Mitch spots her making her escape and drives around the bay to intercept her at the dock. Before Melanie reaches the dock, a seagull swoops down and gashes her forehead, seemingly in a deliberate attack.Mitch takes Melanie to a local diner to tend to her wound. Not wanting Mitch to realize the lengths to which she went to get his attention, she lies and tells him that her primary reason for coming to Bodega Bay was to visit Annie, a friend of hers from school. While they are there, Lydia arrives and Mitch introduces her to Melanie; Lydia's response to Melanie is icy, especially when Mitch invites her to the house for dinner that night. Melanie, who was not planning on staying for the night, returns to Annie's and rents a room in her house for the evening. Annie welcomes Melanie, but is also jealous of the interest Melanie has in Mitch.At dinner, Melanie meets Cathy, who is ecstatic about the lovebirds. As Melanie and Mitch make small talk, Lydia phones a man who sold her chicken feed. She complains that her chickens will not eat it, and that there must be something wrong with the feed because the neighbor's chickens are behaving the same way. She ends the conversation puzzled after learning that her neighbors didn't buy their feed from her supplier, indicating that the problem is not with the feed but with the chickens. After dinner, Mitch walks Melanie back to her car and they discuss Melanie's past. Mitch teases her about a sensational story that was reported in the social pages about her, and Melanie becomes indignant. He exposes the fact that she lied to him about being old friends with Annie, and Melanie drives off in a huff. Mitch notices a flock of birds lurking menacingly in the dark on a telephone wire near the house.Back at Annie's, Melanie shares a drink with her, and Annie reveals that she and Mitch were lovers once. The cool reception she got from Lydia spoiled their affair, but she relocated to Bodega Bay anyway, wanting to be near Mitch. Mitch calls to apologize and invites Melanie to Cathy's birthday party the next day. Melanie agrees to come and hangs up. She and Annie hear a thump at the front door and find a dead seagull on the porch, wondering how it could have lost its way in the dark when the moon is so bright.The next day at the birthday party, Melanie reveals to Mitch that she is estranged from her mother. She seems envious that Lydia is so close with Mitch, when her own mother abandoned the family. Melanie does not even know her mother's whereabouts. Suddenly, as the children are playing a game, seagulls attack the birthday party, landing on the children and pecking at them. The adults get the children to safety without much incident, but Mitch asks Melanie to wait until after dinner to leave for San Francisco. As they sit in the living room after eating, a flock of swifts invades the home, getting in through the chimney. Mitch gets the birds out of the house, but everyone is shaken, especially Lydia, who seems more fragile than ever. Melanie decides to stay the night.The next morning, Lydia takes Cathy to school and then drops by her neighbor's farm to discuss the matter of the chickens. She finds him dead in his house, his body bloodied and his eyes missing. The windows are shattered and the room is littered with dead seagulls and crows. Lydia rushes back home in shock. While Mitch and the authorities investigate her report of the dead body, Lydia retires to her bed and has a conversation with Melanie. The two of them seem to reach an understanding, and Lydia opens up to her, revealing that after the death of her husband, her greatest fear is that Mitch will abandon her. Melanie offers to bring Cathy home from school when Lydia worries about the possibility of another bird attack.At the school, Annie is leading the children in a song while Melanie waits outside, not wanting to interrupt them. Little by little, crows gather in the playground until the place is swarming with menacing black birds. Melanie warns Annie, and the two of them lead the children out of the school, but the birds hear their feet on the pavement and attack. Melanie, Cathy, and one of Cathy's friends become separated from the others, and Melanie ushers the children into a nearby parked car, when the bird attack suddenly subsides.At the town diner, Melanie calls her father to report the phenomenon of the bird attacks. Her story attracts a lot of attention, but most people are skeptical, including Mrs. Bundy (Ethel Griffie), an elderly woman who is an expert in ornithology. She dismisses Melanie's account as impossible, and contends that birds could never launch a massed attack on humanity because they lack the intelligence. Mitch along with Deputy Dan joins them and backs up Melanie's story, but they are met with more skepticism until another bird attack occurs, this one even greater in scale than the previous ones. This time, all types of birds are involved, and they create havoc resulting in a large explosion at Bodega Bay's gas station. After it subsides, the patrons of the diner are terrified, and one woman becomes hysterical, accusing Melanie of causing of the attacks.Melanie and Mitch go to fetch Cathy at Annie's house, only to find Annie dead in her front yard, a victim of the bird attack. Cathy is safe inside the house, and she tells them that Annie pushed her inside when the birds came, unable to save herself. Back at the Brenner house, Mitch works at barricading the windows and doors in anticipation of another bird attack. Mitch, Cathy, Melanie and Lydia all spend hours inside the house until the sounds of a massive assault on the house reach them. Mitch is barely able to keep the birds from breaking through the barricades, large birds pecking through the wooden reinforcements, and the power to the house is cut. Finally the attack subsides, and the four of them drop off to sleep.Later, Melanie is awakened by a sound from upstairs. She takes a flashlight and is drawn to an upstairs bedroom. When she opens the door, she is confronted by birds that have torn a massive hole in the ceiling and have roosted in the room. They trap Melanie and attack her, pecking at her flesh and clothes. Melanie attempts to fight them off but weakens. The commotion draws the others and they pull her out of the room, but she is badly wounded and in shock. Mitch and Lydia bandage Melanie as best they can, and resolve to escape in order to get her medical attention. Mitch goes outside to prepare the car and opens the door to find the house completely surrounded by rustling birds, as far as the eye can see. True to the unpredictable nature of the phenomenon, the birds allow them to escape in the car and they drive off among the sea of birds and away from Bodega Bay to find help and safety.
tags: horror,  cult,  suspenseful, 

title: Sinister
synopsis: The film opens with Super 8 footage depicting a family of four standing beneath a tree with sacks over their heads and nooses around their necks. An unseen figure pulls at a rope attached to a partially sawed-through branch of the tree, causing their deaths by hanging.
True crime writer Ellison Oswalt (Hawke) moves into a home with his wife Tracy (Juliet Rylance) and their two children: 7-year-old Ashley (Clare Foley), an artist who is allowed to paint on her walls and 12-year-old Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario), who suffers from night terrors. The local sheriff pays a visit, indicating his dislike of Ellison and his career; his books have often criticized law enforcement for mistakes. Ellison has moved his family (unbeknownst to them) into a home where a family was murdered, all hung by ropes on a tree in the backyard. Ellison intends to use the case of the murdered family as the basis for his new book and hopes that his research will reveal the fate of the Stevenson family's fifth member, a 10-year-old girl named Stephanie who disappeared following the murders. Later that night Ellison discovers Trevor in a box, naked and screaming, having experienced another night terror.
Ellison finds a box in the attic that contains a projector and several reels of Super 8 mm footage that are each labeled as innocent home movies. Ellison discovers that the films are actually murder footage depicting different families being murdered in various ways by an unseen person holding the camera. Ellison notes the appearance of a mysterious symbol in the films as well as a strange masked figure. Consulting a local deputy (James Ransone), Ellison discovers that the murders took place at different times, beginning in the 1960s and in different cities across the country. He also learns that a child from each family went missing following every murder. The deputy refers Ellison to Professor Jonas (Vincent D'Onofrio), whose expertise is the occult, to decipher the symbol in the films. Jonas tells Ellison that such symbols are that of a Pagan Babylonia deity named Bughuul (Nick King), who would kill entire families and then take one of their children in order to consume his/her soul, leaving the symbol behind.
One night, Ellison hears the film projector running and finds the missing children seated in the attic watching one of the films. Bughuul suddenly appears on camera before physically appearing before Ellison, causing him to fall off the ladder. Ellison takes the camera, projector and the films outside and burns them with petrol. His wife meets him outside and he tells her that they're moving back to their old house immediately.
At his old home, Ellison receives a video-message from Jonas, who sends him scans of historical images associated with Bughuul, including the symbol seen in the murder movies; the images have been partially destroyed by the early Christians, who believed that images of Bughuul served as a gateway for the demon to come from the spiritual realm to the mortal world; children who saw the images of Bughuul could be possessed and even abducted into the images.
Ellison discovers the projector and films (from the previous house) in his attic, along with an envelope of film labeled extended cut endings. The deputy calls and informs him that every murdered family had previously lived in the house where the last murder took place and each new murder occurred shortly after the family moved from the crime scene into their new residence. By moving, Ellison has placed himself and his family in line to be the next victims.
The extra footage depicts the missing children coming onscreen following each murder, revealing themselves to be the killers, before suddenly disappearing. Ellison becomes light-headed, and notices a bright green liquid mixed with his coffee in the cup, along with a note reading Good Night, Daddy under the cup before losing consciousness. Ashley appears behind Ellison, revealing herself to be the drugger, under Bughuul's possession. Ellison awakens to find himself, Tracy and Trevor bound and gagged on the floor of the parlour next to the lit fire. Ashley approaches filming him with the 8 mm camera. Ashley then decapitates Ellison with an axe before killing Tracy and Trevor off screen, using their blood to paint images of cats, dogs and unicorns on the walls. Ashley then views the film of her murders while drawing the murder in the lid of the home movies box. The missing children stare at her through the camera, but flee when Bughuul appears. He lifts Ashley into his arms and disappears into the film with her.
The film concludes with an image of the box of films in the Oswalt family's attic, now accompanied by Ashley's reel, labeled House Painting '12.
tags: tragedy,  violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: La doppia ora
synopsis: Sonia, a beautiful Eastern European chambermaid at an upscale hotel in Turin, Italy, becomes infatuated and then begins to fall in love with an Italian ex-cop, Guido, through a speed-dating service run by wordly Marissa. Unlucky in love, recent widower Guido falls for Sonia declaring that he was not ready for her. Soon after their affair turns serious, Guido takes Sonia to the site of his job as a security guard for a billionaire's villa in the Italian country-side. Little did Guido know that this trip, and Guido's turning off the grounds-alarm in a selfless attempt to give Sonia a nostalgic romp in the woods, was all part of - and the very point of - Sonia's master plan to - along with her real, and long time, boyfriend - expertly steal everything of value in Guido's employer's villa.Subsequent to the final crate of valuables being loaded into bogus moving vans, Guido heroically makes a play for the robber's gun - and is shot. The bullet passes through his body and imbeds in Sonia's forehead non-fatally injuring her and causing her to go into a coma during which Sonia experiences surrealistic and cathartic experiences and revelations. Upon awakening, Sonia finds that unlike in her comatose dream, Guido is alive and well. Guido is in a hospital looking after her. Sonia is left with the choice of staying with Guido - who saved her - or staying with the master plan.Unlike most American alls-well-that-ends-well stories. Sonia stiffs Guido, who by that time has snapped to her deceit with the help of his cop buddy Dante's cynicism and with Marissa's final piece of the puzzle. Guido witnesses the calousness of her crime against the billionaire and her worse crime againts him - in betraying his love. But in true European fatalistic fashion, allows her to eascape.and go to Buenos Aires with her long time lover to live happily - if larcenously - ever after.
tags: romantic,  horror,  neo noir, 

title: Halloween III: Season of the Witch
synopsis: In northern California, on the night of Saturday, October 23, we see a man running down a semi-rural road as the movie opens. Obviously being pursued, the man Harry Grimbridge (Al Berry) runs into a junkyard to try to hide or find help. Then we see his pursuers coming down the road in a car and enter the junkyard. The man tries to hide, to no avail; a well-dressed man who is stronger than he looks confronts him and begins choking him. The resourceful man saves himself by pulling a chock out from under a junked car, which rolls forward and pins his attacker against another car, allowing him to break free. Another well-dressed man (Dick Warlock) gets out of the car, but the pursued man flees across the junkyard on foot to dubious safety.A short distance away, as a storm begins to pass through, a gas station attendant named Walter Jones (Essex Smith) is passing time watching a news report about Stonehenge. The reporter is talking about an unsolved theft from some nine months earlier; someone had stolen a stone weighing several tons from Stonehenge in England and the local police are baffled. The TV cuts to a commercial for Silver Shamrock masks before the storm knocks out the power. Just then, the man from the junkyard bursts into the gas station, clutching a Silver Shamrock Halloween mask, begging for help. The attendant, clearly disturbed, takes the man to the hospital.Meanwhile, not too far away, the recently divorced Dr. Dan Challis (Tom Atkins) stops off at home to see his ex-wife Linda (Nancy Kyes) and their two children. He's late arriving, a not uncommon occurrence with him. He has brought the kids some masks for the upcoming Halloween, but they are disappointed, saying Mom already got us masks. They were Silver Shamrock masks. While Dan and his ex are talking, the kids turn on the TV and see another Silver Shamrock commercial, which they seem to enjoy immensely. Dan's beeper goes off - he is needed at the hospital. After promising to pick up the kids next weekend, he leaves.At the hospital, Dan meets the guy from the junkyard, and talks briefly to the gas station attendant who drove him in. The guy wakes up when he hears yet another Silver Shamrock commercial on a hospital TV, gasping out They're going to kill us! while still clutching his mask. Feeling the man is deranged, Dan has him sedated and put in a hospital bed to recover. There being no further patients at the moment, Dan, making the most of having been recently divorced, goes off to flirt with the nurses, drink some beer, and take a nap in the doctors' lounge.Not long after, a car arrives at the hospital, and another silent, well-dressed man steps out and enters the building. He walks to the junkyard guy's room, where he is sleeping. The man clamps one of his hands over the guy's mouth (waking him up), and uses his other hand to poke his fingers in the guy's eye sockets and pull his skull apart. He is much stronger than he appears. A nurse walks in just then and confronts him; the man just walks away. Seconds later, the nurse sees what just happens and screams. Dan Challis, woken from his nap, comes running, just in time to see the man walk back to the parking lot. Dan runs out to confront him, but the man is already getting back into his car. Rather than drive away, he drenches himself with gasoline and lights himself on fire, causing an explosion which destroys both himself and the car.In the morning, the police are investigating, while Dan is arguing with his ex-wife over the phone. A dark-haired girl (Stacey Nelkin) walks into the room, the daughter of the man who was killed. Her name is Ellie Grimbridge, and we then learn the dead guy's name was Harry Grimbridge. Dan and the police try to comfort Ellie as best they can after she identifies the body. Both Dan and the police are bewildered by the event. After hearing the description, the police thought the well-dressed murderer was on drugs, but Dan, the doctor, said it appeared the man was in complete control of himself.In the middle of the week, Dan goes to see the assistant coroner, a woman named Teddy, and asks her what she has discovered. The answer is not much, the guy was just ashes. She will be looking at the remains of the burned car for clues for awhile yet. Dan asks her to keep him posted. He has still clearly rattled by the event and wants some answers.On Friday, two days before Halloween, Ellie finds Dan alone in a bar, where he had been drinking and watching TV. One of the nurses had told her she would probably find him there. She thanked him for attending her father's funeral and asked him if he had seen anything that might help her figure out what had happened. Dan, still wanting to know what had happened, told her about the mask and her father's last words - They're going to kill us! Dan and Ellie go to the late Harry's store downtown. It had been a distressed toy store before Harry's death; now it was closed until further notice. The new shopping malls had siphoned off a lot of his business, but the town's children had been keeping the store afloat. There, Ellie showed Dan her own investigations. Harry had kept meticulous records at his business, and everything checked out until October 20, when he had gone to pick up more masks - Silver Shamrock masks, which were selling well. Dan remarked that Harry had been holding a Silver Shamrock mask when he was killed. Harry had never made it to his appointments on the 21st.Ellie wanted to go to the Silver Shamrock factory to investigate further, and Dan, intrigued by the mystery (and attracted to Ellie), went along with her. Just before driving out of town in Ellie's car with only a cooler for luggage, Dan calls his ex-wife to back out of his promise to pick up the kids the next afternoon, promising to pick them up on Halloween instead. As Dan and Ellie drive away, we see some TV's in a store window showing yet another Silver Shamrock commercial.In the weeks leading up to Halloween, Silver Shamrock had undertaken a major advertising blitz, saturating the airwaves with a catchy but obnoxious commercial for its Halloween masks, that counted down the days until Halloween to the tune of London Bridge. The announcer in the commercial said that Silver Shamrock would be sponsoring the airing of the movie Halloween on Halloween night, to be followed immediately (at 9 p.m.) by a big giveaway - for which all the children were supposed to wear their masks and watch the TV closely.On Friday afternoon, Dan and Ellie arrive in Santa Mira, home of Silver Shamrock, a small town that seems to give off some weird vibes. It was founded in 1887 by Irish immigrants, and the principal (almost the only) industry was the Silver Shamrock factory, started after World War II by a man named Conal Cochran. They drive past the factory, which looks like the only major industry there. The townspeople stare at them, making them both uncomfortable. They see loudspeakers and moving video cameras on top of the utility poles. Not knowing exactly what to do next, they go to a cheap motel and rent a room, where they can talk strategy in privacy.While the motel keeper is showing Ellie the room, Dan goes off to the office, ostensibly to pay the bill, but he checks the register while he was there. Harry Grimbridge's name was on the register. Ellie sees Cochran's car drive past, although she can't see inside the darkened windows. On his way back from the office, Dan meets another hotel guest, Buddy Kupfer, a Silver Shamrock salesman; and his wife Betty and bratty son Little Buddy. He also meets Marge (Garn Stephens), who sold, among other things, Silver Shamrock masks at her store in San Francisco. Buddy seems to be enjoying the trip, but Marge is put out at having to come all the way to this dump because the factory messed up an order.Ellie wants to go to the factory right away and investigate further, but Dan convinces her to hold off for awhile. After a moment of awkwardness, in which time Dan isn't sure how well an advance would be received, Ellie gives him a clear opening, and he pounces on it. Outside, late afternoon is moving towards sunset, and at 6 P.M., the loudspeakers announce that the town is under curfew for the night.After dark, Dan goes out to the liquor store (which is open in spite of the curfew); on the way back, he meets Starker, who begs a drink from the bottle off of him. Dan, seizing an opportunity to collect information, asks Starker about Cochran and Silver Shamrock, and he has nothing good to say about him. He had applied for a job there years before, but had been turned away; in fact, all of Cochran's workers had been brought in from outside Santa Mira. In contrast to the motel keeper who had praised Cochran, Starker pointed out the video cameras and cursed Cochran. He then said that he hoped to burn down Cochran's factory some day. Dan gave him a tip for his information and went back to the motel. Cochran apparently really was paying attention, because a few minutes later, Starker is confronted by two more well-dressed but strong, silent men. He tries to back away from his drunken statements, but the men are unmoved, and they pull his head off of his shoulders with their bare hands.Back at the motel, Ellie meets Marge, and they talk briefly about the factory and the masks. Marge notices that the quality has suffered a little bit - the trade mark tag fell off one of the masks. Marge returns to her room, where she accidentally knocks the tag onto the floor, where it falls upside down revealing a small microchip - but she doesn't notice right away, sitting in bed reading. Meanwhile, Dan arrives back at the motel, and stops at the office to call Teddy. Teddy's investigation has gone nowhere - she found no human remains and had to assume that someone had mixed up the envelopes, and she had wasted two days examining burnt car parts. Dan returns to the room, where he and Ellie have a drink.While they are enjoying themselves, Marge decides she's had enough reading for the night and gets ready to sleep, but sees the trademark and the microchip on the floor and, being curious, starts to examine it and poke at it with a hairpin. That was a fatal mistake - a lightning bolt shoots out of the trademark at Marge's head, burning it almost beyond recognition. A single bug crawls from her mouth as she dies.Dan and Ellie are woken by yet another disturbance outside. It's a van, not an ambulance come to pick up Marge. The men from the van ignore Dan's offer of help, despite the fact that he is a doctor. As the van leaves, Conal Cochran (Dan O'Herlihy) pulls up and we meet him for the first time. Dan overhears the motel keeper tell Cochran that Marge had been hit by a misfire. What could that mean?The next morning is Saturday the 30th. Dan calls Teddy at work again. Teddy has examined all the ashes, but not found a single trace of human remains, and she is wondering if someone has been tampering with the evidence. Dan asks her to investigate Cochran - a dangerous move, because as Dan leaves, we see that the telephone was bugged.Dan and Ellie go to the factory in the morning, but learn nothing except Harry had picked up his masks and left. They are ready to go, but they meet Buddy Kupfer on their way in for a tour of the factory. Cochran comes out to meet them, and Buddy convinces Cochran to have them along on the tour. They see the workers making the masks. After seeing the masks, Cochran takes them to another room where there are some other Silver Shamrock products besides masks - mostly toys and novelties. Cochran gives Buddy Jr. a mask that has been through final processing - but he remains evasive about what final processing entails. He invites the Kupfers to breakfast the next morning, asking for Buddy's opinion about some more sales materials.While Cochran and Buddy are talking, Dan's attention wanders, and he spots several of the well-dressed guards. While he is telling Ellie in a low voice about it, Ellie spots Harry's car in one of the buildings. She runs forward to check it out, but several more of the well-dressed men step out from their posts and block her path. Dan and Ellie return to the motel room and go over what they know as it gets dark outside. They decide to leave the town and call the police.Dan goes to the office, but he cannot reach anyone on the telephone. No matter what number he dials, he gets a recorded message that the call cannot be completed. Returning to the motel room, he discovers Ellie is gone. She has been kidnapped by the well-dressed guards. The guards come for him next. Dan escapes out the bathroom window and ditches the guards, who are also driving up and down the streets looking for him. Dan tries to use a pay phone, but he gets the same recorded message there, too. Hoping to rescue Ellie, he goes to the factory, sneaks onto the grounds and breaks into the building.At first he sees no one, but after a brief search, he finds an old woman knitting. When he confronts her, he finds that the old woman is actually an elaborate machine! Then another one of the well-dressed guards finds him. Dan fights him, but he seems to be unaffected by his punches. After Dan punches him again, the guard goes limp, Dan pulls wires out of the guard's stomach and oil flows from his mouth. The guard was a far more elaborate machine! Two more guards come up behind Dan. He had trouble beating one, and he has no chance against two. Cochran comes to see them before the guards take Dan to wherever he is to spend the night.On Sunday, Halloween morning, Cochran and several of the well-dressed mechanical guards accompany Dan to the final processing room. On the way there, Cochran brags about how realistic his guards and other workers were. Once in the final processing room, Dan sees several workers on a scaffold chipping tiny pieces out of a large rock... the stolen stone from Stonehenge! There are some work stations and TV's arranged in a circle in front of the rock. The workers take a tiny particle of the rock and put it in the microchips on the back of each trademark on the masks.Cochran shows Dan on the video monitors Ellie tied up in another room, Marge's corpse, and then, the room into which the guards are escorting the Kupfer family. The room is ominously labeled Test Room A. The room is made up to look like an ordinary living room. At Cochran's order, one of the guards pushes the buttons to make a video play on the TV in the test room, where Little Buddy is trying to watch TV. It is the video that will be played later that night - the big giveaway video. It opens like any other Silver Shamrock commercial, but as the announcer exhorts his audience to watch, the video gives way to a jack-o-lantern flashing on the screen. After a few seconds, the rapt Little Buddy grasps his head and collapses. Multitudes of bugs and snakes crawl out of the mask. Betty faints; Buddy Sr. freaks out and tries to escape from the locked room, but he is attacked and killed by the snakes. The flashing jack-o-lantern and sounds from the commercial trigger the particle of rock in the microchip - now we see how the death of Marge was an accident, it had gone off when it wasn't supposed to. After a couple minutes, the entire Kupfer family is dead, and Cochran cuts the video and has the guards lead Dan away.Next, we see children in cities all over the country hearing the commercial reminding them to watch the big giveaway at 9:00pm, buying Silver Shamrock masks, trick-or-treating. Challis's own kids are anxious to watch the big giveaway while wearing their masks.In the evening, Teddy is still trying to make sense of the autopsy, and tries to reach Dan in Santa Mira, but she gets the same recorded message that Dan heard. She tries the chief coroner instead, realizing that a lot of the things she has found in the ashes didn't look like car parts. Suddenly realizing something, she reaches for the phone once more to call the police, but one of the well-dressed guards from Silver Shamrock has snuck up behind her and kills her with a power drill.At 7:30 p.m., Cochran leaves Dan tied up in a room in front of a TV playing John Carpenter's Halloween - to be followed by the big giveaway. Dan asks him why. Cochran explains that the good reason is that it's all a great joke, but the real reason is he is carrying on an ancient Celtic tradition of ritual sacrifice. Cochran puts one of his masks over Dan's head and wishes him a happy Halloween just before he leaves.Once he has left, Dan looks at the clock and sets to work about trying to escape. He manages to scoot his chair over toward the TV, then kicks the screen in. At least the flashing jack-o-lantern can't come on now. Using a piece of broken glass from the TV, he cuts the straps that bind him, removes the mask, and throws it over the video camera watching the room. The room is locked, but Dan escapes through the ventilation ducts. It's after 8 p.m. now and time is running out.One of Cochran's worker-androids notices that Dan is no longer in the room, and they set about looking for him. He has, by this time, escaped to the roof of the building, and finds another way back in. He has to play hide-and-seek with the guards again. Then he finds a phone, tries it, and it works - Cochran had cut off the town's access to outside lines, but not from within the factory itself. He calls his ex-wife and desperately tries to convince her to get rid of the Silver Shamrock masks, but she refuses. She is angry that Dan has once again broken his promise (this time to pick the kids up on Halloween and take them trick-or-treating), accuses him of being drunk and/or jealous that the kids liked the masks better than the ones Dan picked out. She tells him to go to hell and hangs up. He can't try calling her again because the guards are coming back.Dan searches the building some more, and finds the room where Ellie is being held. He releases her, but the guards can now see him on the video cameras and know where he is. He manages to escape them for the time being, coming to the back of the final processing/control room. There he finds a box of the microchips - ready to be installed on the masks. An idea comes to mind.He takes a box of the microchipped trademarks, sneaks over to the computers and pushes the buttons he saw the guard push that morning - the ones that start playing the big giveaway video. This time, it starts playing on all the TV's in the control room. He runs back to the edge of the room and climbs onto a catwalk overhead and dumps the box onto the floor below. The microchips activate as they get near the TV's playing the flashing jack-o-lantern, killing the worker-androids - but not Cochran, who looks up at them, unaffected, and applauds. The flashing TV's, forming a circle, and the rock from Stonehenge, start to glow; something supernatural is taking place. Lightning bolts shoot out of both towards Cochran, who is transformed to stone and disappears. Then sparks fly from the stone and everything in the room starts to catch fire. Soon, the entire factory is burning - Starker got his wish posthumously. Dan and Ellie get into Ellie's car, still at the motel, Dan driving this time, and escape.Dan and Ellie escape from Santa Mira, but the commercial is still set to go on the air at 9 p.m., which is only about 15 minutes away now. Dan asks Ellie if she can think of anything, then notices how strangely passive she has been and... how she hasn't spoken a single word since her rescue. When Ellie turns her head and attacks him, he realizes that the Ellie he rescued was another android, with a new skin to look exactly like the real Ellie (the real one presumably having been killed by the well-dressed guards or perished in the fire). Dan wrecks the car trying to fight off the 'Elliebot'. The crash rips one of robo-Ellie's arms off, and Dan has little trouble dispatching the rest of her with a tire iron by decapitating her, but now he is without transportation, and takes off running on foot. It's about 8:50 p.m. The 'Elliebot' continues to function.Panting and desperate to find a phone, he arrives at a gas station.... the same one where Harry took refuge eight days earlier. The attendant recognizes Dan from the hospital: Hey, don't I know you? It's straight-up 9:00 when Dan pleads with the technician at the TV station over the phone to take the commercial off the air, saying that everyone watching will die if it is allowed to air. The gas station attendant looks at him kind of funny as he shouts into the phone. Two children run inside to watch the commercial on TV at the gas station. Finally, the technician accedes to Dan's desperate request, and a technical difficulties sign appears on that TV station. The children switch to another station playing the commercial - it too goes off the air. They switch to a third station, and this time the commercial continues to play. The flashing jack-o-lantern appears and Dan continues to beg the technician to take the commercial off the air. Dan becomes ever more hysterical and screams to stop the commercial, as the commercial on the third station continues to run... and the movie suddenly ends on this cliff-hanger.
tags: paranormal,  cult,  horror,  gothic,  murder, 

title: Shrooms
synopsis: American student Tara and her college friends visit Ireland to meet with local resident and friend Jake, and go camping in woodlands surrounding a long-disused children's home. Whilst collecting psilocybin mushrooms for later consumption, Tara ingests a deathcap mushroom and suffers a seizure after which she experiences dream-like trances in which she begins having premonitions of future events.
Around the evening camp fire, with Tara resting in her tent, Jake tells a ghost story of the empty children's home nearby, and of a violent sadistic monk who survived an assault by one of his charges, as revenge for killing his twin brother. Overhearing this causes Tara to have premonitions of the murders of her friends one by one, and ultimately herself.
After a deathly row with his girlfriend and the others, aggressive jock Bluto drinks some of the hallucinogenic tea (supposedly for all to share in the morning) and experiences a trip which culminates in his murder, seemingly at the hands of the rogue monk from the children's home.
The following morning, unconcerned by Bluto's disappearance – the others consume the mushroom tea, only to become separated from one another in the woods whilst under its effects. The three women, arguing and squabbling, get lost until they themselves are split, and Holly and Lisa are violently murdered – in accordance with Tara's continuing visions – after an encounter with local woodsmen Ernie and Bernie.
Jake and Troy locate Tara on the inside of the bank of a river, and instruct her to meet them in the abandoned dead people's home to summon help. Upon investigating the property, Troy is apparently killed by the monk, and Jake makes good his escape by leaping from a high window, breaking his leg as he lands. Tara finds him and the two flee the haunted scene. Then, whilst resting his leg, he is murdered.
Tara awakes as a Garda helicopter hovers over the camp, and is dispatched into an ambulance as the sole survivor. As her mobile phone rings, she experiences a rapid flashback and realizes that the hallucinogenic deathcap mushroom caused her to murder all of her friends. She asks the paramedic for help. Everything becomes quiet until we see her bloody hands holding a pair of bloody scissors which suggests that she has killed the paramedic. The film ends with Tara running in the woods.
tags: horror,  murder,  flashback, 

title: Il rosso segno della follia
synopsis: On board a moving express train, an unseen man sneaks into a compartment room where a newlywed couple are. The man kills both of them with a meat cleaver, and looks upon the dead bride, still dressed in her white, blood-splattered bridal dress.The man is a certain John Harrington (Stephen Forsyth), a handsome, 30-year-old who in a voice-over narration, claims to suffer from Oedipus complex. As if that's not bad enough, John is also impotent, and feels compelled to murder young women wearing bridal gowns to remember details of a traumatic event that twisted his mind as a child. Harrington lives in a spacious villa outside Paris, France where he's the manager of a bridal dress factory which is managed by his older wife Mildred (Laura Betti). Despite the image he puts upon himself, Harrington relies on Mildred for emotional and financial support. On one particular morning, the ill-matched couple engaged in a verbal sparring match at the breakfast table. Harrington brings up talk of divorce. But Mildred will hear none of that. She tells him that he has made a disappointment of her life, so she plans to reciprocate by keeping him under her thumb. After walking away from the argument, Harrington retreats into his office, where he meets Helen Wood (Dagmar Lassander), who has come to apply for the job vacated by one of the models who has mysteriously disappeared. Harrington is impressed by her intelligence and beauty, so he hires her on the spot.Later that night, Harrington lures Alice Norton (Femi Benussi), one of the models at the salon, to his office and takes her to a secret room where he stores wedding dresses. As Alice is planning to leave the salon to be married, he offers her a choice to any of the dresses. She selects one and changes into it as per John's request, after which he hacks her to death with a meat cleaver. Harrington's method for disposing of the dead bodies of women he kills at his office is ingenious: he burns the bodies in the furnace of his greenhouse, using the ashes as a special kind of fertilizer.The next morning, Inspector Russell (Jesus Puente) arrives to question Harrington about Alice's disappearance for her fiancée reported that she never came home last night. Harrington replies that she left at the end of the day, and has not seen her since. With six models having disappeared from his bridal salon, Harrington naturally has become the prime suspect by the police. But with a lack of hard evidence, Inspector Russell leaves without arresting him, so Harrington is able to continue his killing spree with little difficulty.Over the next few days, Harrington falls in love with Helen after taking her out to dinner and having casual conversations with her, which makes him very confused. Harrington clearly has no desire to kill Helen, but his contemptuous wife, Mildred, is a constant irritation to him. After Mildred confronts Harrington and accuses him of being unfaithful after seeing him with coming home from a dinner outing with Helen, Harrington decides to retaliate by killing her. Though he does not understand why, Harrington needs to have a wedding dress in his immediate vicinity when he kills. Rather than talk Mildred into putting on the dress, he dons the veil himself, completing the transsexual illusion by wearing bright red lipstick. Harrington coldly sets up his wife for the act by pretending to reconcile with her, and promising to consummate their relationship. Despite Mildred putting up a fight, she gets hit with the cleaver, and falls dead.The act accomplished, Harrington initially buries his wife in the grounds of the greenhouse. But in a surprising twist and much to Harrington's consternation, he begins to see his wife in public. Actually, its EVERYONE who sees Mildred in public, very much alive. But its only Harrington who cannot see or hear her. He only catches glimpses of her in mirrors. Thinking that she is still alive, Harrington checks the grave in his greenhouse. The body is still there, of course. So, Harrington burns Mildred's remains in the furnace. Harrington takes the ashes and keeps them in a handbag for himself to remember her by.Mildred's ghost continues to haunt her husband, appearing only to other people, and not to himself. At a local Parisian nightclub, Harrington goes there alone (with the handbag containing Mildred's ashes), in which everyone, except him, sees Mildred sitting by his side like an adoring wife. It's only when Harrington is around Helen, Mildred never appears before her. When Harrington attempts to murder another woman, he is foiled from doing so. Harrington finally decides to murder Helen as a substitute. He knows that he is only one more killing away from discovering the truth behind his murderous dependencies. Harrington lures Helen that night to the same concealed room where he murdered Alice and a few other models. After convincing Helen to change into a wedding dress, he sorrowfully tells Helen that he never wanted to hurt her, but he want's to fit this last piece into place. He then strikes at Helen with the meat cleaver, but she successfully avoids the blow. But the initial surge of dealing the blow finally gives Harrington the information he needs.In a flashback, Harrington, as a young boy, adorned his mother. When his father died, he became the man of the house and looked after her. However, when his mother remarried, he became miserable. Spying on his mother and stepfather having sex, he became enraged and killed them both with a hatchet (shades of young Norman Bates and his mother from 'Psycho'). The sight of his mother drenched in blood and asking why he did this to her haunted him for years. Young Harrington apparently tricked the police into thinking a homicidal maniac killed his mother and stepfather, in which he also had subconsciously pushed the entire event out of his mind. Now that it has all come back to haunt him, he is reduced to tears.In another ironic twist, Helen runs from the grieving Harrington and lets Inspector Russell and a team of policemen into the hidden room where they place him under arrest. It turns out that Helen is a uncover policewoman who was hired by Russell to keep an eye on Harrington. Helen is shaken by her brush with death, but recovers enough quickly to help the police get the maniac.After confessing everything to Russell, Harrington is loaded into a police van, with two detectives escorting him, which drives away. As Harrington settles back in the police van on its way to jail, he finally realizes that now he knows everything, he is finally free. But then Mildred's ghost appears beside him in the van. But this time, it is only Harrington who can see or hear her. She tells him that now they will be together forever, first in the insane asylum, and then in Hell for all eternity. Harrington goes berserk with terror, and has to be restrained by the two policemen with him. But Harrington calms down when he realizes that there is no way now for him to avoid his fate.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  psychedelic,  romantic,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Hocus Pocus
synopsis: Hocus Pocus begins in a small town in 1693, were a teenager named Thackery Binx realises his little sister, Emily, has fled into the woods, under the control of a witch. Thackery urges his friend Elijah to hurry back to the village and alert the elders. He then rushes after Emily, and eventually finds a pilgrim-style mill house where Emily has been captured. Inside the house, three aging evil witches known as the Sanderson sisters-- Winifred, Mary, and Sarah (Midler, Najimy and Parker)-- are brewing a potion in a cauldron. Winifred, the eldest sister, highlights that the potion, when drank by a child, has the ability to rejuvenate them and restore their youth. Before the witches can force the potion into Emily, Thackery stops them and engages in a brawl with Winnie, and is soon stripped of his energy. The sisters then suck the life-force from little Emily and their youth is restored, then cast a spell on helpless Thackery that he take the form of a black cat for eternity. Immediately after, the angry villagers, wielding torches, capture the sisters and prepare to hang the trio from a branch of a tree. Thackery's father demands that Winifred divulge his son's whereabouts, but she refuses to say. Winnie's spellbook reveals a prophecy that on All Hallows Eve, a virgin shall light the black flame candle and resurrect them. The sisters are then hanged and Thackery remains a feline, unable to reassure his parents that he is okay. He rubs against his father's leg, but the father, not recognizing him, pushes him away, thinking a black cat to be a bad omen..300 years later, in Salem, a teacher tutors her class about the Sanderson sisters, since Halloween is approaching. Max Dennison, a new student after arriving from Los Angeles, isn't gullible towards the tale and befriends fellow classmate Alison as the school closes for Halloween break. While cycling home, Max cuts through a cemetery and runs into two rebellious teens named Ice and Jay who tease him, later stealing his trainers. When an irritated Max returns home, unhappy about his new location, he finds solace in his room and daydreams about Alison. Dani then frightens him and demands that he take her trick or treating later into the night, at first he refuses, but is later forced to take his little sister into the neighbourhood to collect candy. After an embarrassing confrontation with Ice and Jay, Dani storms off on Max and he goes to reconcile with her. The two then find a mansion run by Alison's family and they engage in a conversation about the Sanderson sisters, planning to break into the abandoned museum dedicated to them. Dani is anxious about their Halloween prank, and when they break into the mill house, now a museum, Max foolishly lights the black flame candle after Dani tries to dissuade him from doing so. Odd occurances begin to haunt the Sanderson house and the floorboards rattle, presenting the Sanderson sisters returning back home. The three kids hide while the sisters comicly settle back into domesticity after a centuries-long stay in hell. Dani soon shows her face, claiming that she was the one who lit the candle. To protect his sister, Max and Alison distract them and engage in a brawl. Max fools the Sandersons by setting off the modern sprinkler system, making them think it is a terrible magic that will destroy them, in order to distract the witches from following him. He then steals the spellbook and is introduced to Thackery, a now 300-year-old feline with the ability to speak. After escaping the Sanderson sisters, Max, Alison and Dani follow Thackery 'Binx' into a cemetery where he shows them Billy Butcherson's grave and his sister's headstone, they soon realise he is Thackery Binx, and that the legends are true.The sisters discover they have been tricked and devise a plan, since the candle only brings them back for one Halloween night, they plot to suck the lives out of children before sunrise, so that they can stay alive and youthful forever, but need to find Max since he has stolen the book. The witches set out into a more modern world, and are constantly confused as to the ways of the world in the early 90's. They track down Max and the gang to the cemetery, unable to set foot on hallowed ground, and taking flight on their broomsticks (Mary's broomstick is actually a vacuum cleaner). Winnie resurrects Billy Butcherson, now a decaying zombie, to find the trio after losing them. The kids take rescue in a sewer and make their way through the underground while the witches board a bus and seduce the driver. Binx finds a sewer hole that they can escape from Billy and makes his way out into the streets, and is then run over by the bus the sisters have boarded. Binx returns to normal health, since he is immortal, and the witches depart the bus in Halloween-themed suburbia. Max, Alison, Dani and Binx soon enter city hall, crowded with people attending the Halloween party so that they can find their parents. The witches encounter an elderly man in a devil-costume and believe he is really Satan himself, and soon learn what All Hallows Eve has become in modern times.When the witches enter city hall to find the children, Max's parents do not believe them and he is forced to tell the party-attendants on stage that the witches have come back to life. Everyone laughs until Max points at the Sandersons. The spotlight soon switches to Winnie and her sisters, and everyone stares. But Winifred quickly turns the tables on Max, wow'ing and dazzling the partygoers with a fabulous song and dance number (as only the Divine 'Miss M' can). The song contains an insidious spell by which the Sandersons compel the partygoers to all dance and party until they die of exhaustion.Max and the gang flee the city hall party, and hide from the sisters behind a restaurant alley. Alison soon has an idea and they go to their high school. The witches enter the school, since Mary has caught the scent of children. Thinking it is a prison for children, the witches search the halls and follow a voice, actually played by tape recorder and step into a furnace, Alison and Dani then close the hatch and turn the heat full blast, defeating the witches forever. In celebration, Max and Dani head home with Alison, deciding to raise Binx as their own cat. They fall asleep, certain that the witches are gone forever. But Winnie, Mary and Sarah soon emerge from the furnace and take their normal form after being burnt alive, but are desperate since the children have the book and they can't remember the spell for eternal youth. Along the way, returning home, the witches run into Ice and Jay and hold them hostage in cages at their home. Winnie breaks down, certain that they are doomed. At the Dennison household, Alison and Max wake up, both feeling sympathy for Binx in his feline-form. They open the spellbook to see if they can reverse his spell, and the book emits a signal that Max, Alison and Dani cannot see, but the Sanderson sisters see the signal from across town. Winnie soon takes flight along with Mary and Sarah and they head into the suburbs on broomsticks to retrieve the book. Max and Alison try to reverse the hex on Binx, but he stops them, angrily warning them that the book can only be used for ill, never for good.Alison has an eerie feeling that something isn't right. Acting on her uncertainty, she and Max fetch some salt from the kitchen, as a defence mechanism if the witches do return. Max and Alison's moment of romance is interrupted by odd noises from upstairs, and they go to see what happened. Alison learns the book is gone, and pulls back the covers of Dani's bed to reveal Sarah. Mary and Winifred enter from the closet holding Dani hostage and having retrieved the book. To defend herself, Alison pours salt round the room and the trio of witches take to the skies with Dani. As Max and Alison are in need of a miracle to get Dani back, Sarah sings a gentle spell from the skies to summon all the children of Salem to the Sanderson house. Sarah returns home, and Winnie is fixing up the potion in their cauldron while Dani is tied to a chair.Max enters the Sanderson house in time to save Dani from consuming the potion, and the sun begins to rise. The sisters fall to floor, but are tricked for a third time as the ray of light turns out to be the frontal beam of Max's car. The sisters have the opportunity to suck the lives of the children that are approaching their house, but Winnie is determined to have Dani's soul since she called her 'ugly'. However, there is just enough of the potion left for one child, so they take flight on their broomsticks. After losing the witches, Max, Alison, Dani and Binx return to the cemetery since the witches can't set foot on hallowed ground. Dani protected by a ring of salt as Billy, the zombie, joins them since he also has a hatred for Winnie. The sisters find them in the cemetery and swoop at them from all angles. Winnie knocks Billy's head off, and Dani carelessly leaves the safety of the salt ring to retrieve it and give it back to him. Winnie captures Dani and is about to force her to drink the potion when Binx rushes up a tree and leaps, knocking the potion from her hand, Max catches the potion and threatens to smash it unless Winnie releases his sister. But Winnie threatens instead to kill Dani if Max does this. The standoff is resolved when Max suddenly drinks the potion, forcing Winnie to take him instead. Winifred frees Dani, claiming that Max is a fool to give up his life for Dani. Winnie then attempts to suck the life out of Max, as Alison and Billy prevent Mary from helping Winnie. Alison, Dani and Billy catch hold of the extension cord dangling from the vacuum cleaner Mary is using as a broomstick, Sarah tries to help Mary, and a tug-of-war ensues, ending when Alison, Dani and Billy release the cord, causing Mary and Sarah to fly off helplessly into the sky. Winnie is knocked off her broom while struggling with Max, and lands on the cemetery's hallowed ground, taking hold of him and sucking his life-force. The sun begins to rise from the horizon of the cemetery, Winnie is then fixated between the sun and the hallowed ground, slowly turning to stone. The Sanderson sisters then disintigrate from the sunrise and Binx takes his final breath, the curse on him broken. Dani and Max are reunited, and she is touched that he would give up his own life for her. Dani then realises that Binx is dead and begins to weep over him. But suddenly Thackery's spirit appears to console her, showing her that the curse is lifted and he is free. He thanks her, and Max and Alison, for their heroic fight against the Sanderson sisters. Emily's spirit suddenly appears and Thackery is finally reunited with his sister. The film ends with Max, Dani and Alison victorious after the defeat of the Sanderson sisters, and Dani smiling as Thackery and Emily finally cross over through the cemetery gates into heaven.Premise: After the end credits, Max and Dani's parents exit city hall with the other partygoers, exhausted from hours of dancing, then cuts to Ice and Jay still hanging from the cages at the Sanderson home, singing 'Row row row your boat'. As the credits approach, the spellbook opens its eye.
tags: cult,  horror,  revenge,  good versus evil,  romantic,  entertaining, 

title: Witchboard
synopsis: One night at a party, Brandon Sinclair brings out his ouija board and attempts to contact David, the spirit of a dead ten-year-old boy with whom he has communicated numerous times. The spirit responds, but Brandon's nemesis Jim insults David, making the spirit angry and provoking him to slash the tires of Brandon's car.
The next day, Jim's live-in girlfriend Linda sees Brandon's ouija board (which Brandon left behind from the previous night) and tries to contact David. It is revealed that the spirit is actually a ghost of a deceased murderer named Carlos Malfeitor acting under the guise of David. This malicious spirit initially starts being nice and helpful to her, informing Linda where her lost diamond engagement ring is. Meanwhile, at the construction site where Jim is working, Lloyd is killed from fallen sheetrock by the murderous spirit. After Jim is questioned by Lieutenant Dewhurst at Lloyd's funeral, she again contacts Malfeitor (still believing to be David) about the accident, and the spirit lies that he did not cause it.
Soon, Linda begins to fall under progressive entrapment, in which the spirit changes and starts to terrorize the user, rendering the person weak and easy to possess. Brandon brings over a psychic medium named Sarah Zarabeth Crawford to contact David, and if necessary to exorcise him from the building. The spirit puts up little resistance and leaves, but after leaving, Zarabeth is suspicious and wants to research the occurrence. Not long after getting home, she is attacked and killed by Malfeitor; her throat is slashed before being thrown out of a window and impaled onto a spike. The next morning, Brandon is shocked to hear about Zarabeth's death on the newscast, and immediately suspects the spirit David murdered her. After Brandon leaves for more information, Linda is unconscious by Malfeitor and she is sent to a hospital after Jim contacts an ambulance. During this time, Brandon and Jim conduct research on David, and later initially accuse the spirit of terrorizing Linda. They use the Ouija board and discover that Malfeitor is frightening Linda instead. Malfeitor then attacks; he renders Jim unconscious with fallen barrels and kills Brandon with a carpenter's hatchet. Upon the discovery of Brandon's body in the water, Jim is grieved over his friend's loss.
Released from the hospital, Linda uses the board but gets no response. After taking a shower, she is then attacked and possessed by Malfeitor. The next morning, Jim returns and discovers the apartment in disarray, before he is attacked by a possessed Linda wearing formal men's clothing and wielding a fire axe. During the fight, Lt. Dewhurst enters the apartment and falsely accuses Jim of the attack before he's knocked unconscious by Linda with a fire poker. The possessed Linda tells Jim, now armed with Dewhurst's revolver, that he is the portal and taunts him into committing suicide. Suddenly, Jim tricks her and shoots the Ouija board many times right before he is pushed out of a window by the entity and lands on a car.
After the events, a normalized Linda and a survived Jim resume their now back to normal lives and are seen marrying each other at a church. As a girl and the apartment landlady clean up the apartment, they both find the wrecked Ouija board and questions if it stills works before throwing into a box with the planchette. The camera then zooms to the word yes on the board before the planchette points to it by itself and the film fades to black.
tags: paranormal,  violence,  horror, 

title: Mirrors
synopsis: A man is running away, escaping from something. He then runs into a locker room, where all of the lockers open to show his reflection. To his horror, the room's largest mirror begins to crack as he approaches it; he desperately apologizes to his reflection therein for running away in hopes of forgiveness, and begins fervently cleaning the mirrors. A piece of the mirror then falls off. Trying to redeem himself, he picks up the shard with the intention of putting it back on the mirror. However, his reflection slowly slashes his own throat, and the man dies, experiencing the effects of his throat being slashed despite not doing it himself.Meanwhile, sometime later, Ben Carson (Kiefer Sutherland), a former undercover detective who was suspended after shooting another officer, is forced to take a night time security job at a department store that was gutted by a fire. The department store used to be a psychiatric hospital that experimented in treating schizophrenia. In 1952, a mass killing took place and the hospital was closed. It was later reopened as a luxury department store, the Mayflower. Carson comments on the pristine mirrors throughout the store, and the guard comments that the man Carson is replacing was obsessed with cleaning them.Carson's round begins normally, though on his first night he sees a door open in a mirror's reflection while it is actually closed. After investigating, he finds nothing. Following nights expose Carson to more intense visions, which he initially shrugs off as hallucinations (due to a strong drug he started taking as a result of his alcohol dependency). He notices mysterious handprints on the mirror. Curious, he touches them, causing the mirror to break and injure his hand. Carson further hallucinates being set on fire, as well as seeing victims in various parts of the store who were burned to death. Afterwards, he finds the wallet of Gary Lewis (the man who dies at the beginning of the film), the night watchman he is replacing. The only piece of information is a note that says Esseker. Ben then receives a package from Gary Lewis that was sent several days before his death. The package contains newspaper clippings about the fire and other crimes. The man convicted of burning the Mayflower was also convicted of killing his wife and children.Carson tells his younger sister (whos apartment he is staying at) about what he sees, believing that it is not him looking into the mirrors, but rather, someone is looking at him. However, his sister is unconvinced. Later, he decides to see the body of Gary Lewis at the morgue (where his wife works), and she reluctantly agrees to let him see Gary Lewis and the photos of his death. He notices in the photo of Gary Lewis' body, that in the reflection of the mirror, the glass shard is bloody, but the one in reality is not. This convinces him that the mirrors are actually making people do things to themselves that they aren't actually doing.Meanwhile, Angela (Amy Smart), Ben Carson's sister, is getting in the bath and begins to relax, when her reflection grips her jaw and begins to slowly tear it off, killing her. After arriving on the scene the next morning to see his sister's body, he returns to the store and attempts to destroy the mirrors, but they prove impervious and even regenerate from several bullets he fires at them. He demands to know what the mirrors want, and ESSEKER is written on the mirror. Ben investigates and finds the name Anna Esseker, a patient of the psychiatric institute. She supposedly died in the mass killing, but Ben discovers that she was actually transferred out two days prior to the event. After Angela's death, he realizes that the mirrors will eventually kill his family if he does not bring Anna Esseker to them. He goes to his wife's home and attempts to remove or paint the surface of every mirror in the house, but his estranged wife Amy (Paula Patton) believes that he is undergoing a breakdown. He tries to show Amy what happens when he tries to break the mirrors by shooting them, but nothing happens and she does not believe him. He looks in the window of his house and sees his children looking at him. Ben then leaves in frustration and embarrassment. However, Amy starts to believe Ben when she discovers her son Michael talking to his reflection. After calling him away, Michaels reflection remains, smiling at her. Amy calls Ben in a panic, who immediately returns home, and together they cover every reflective surface in the house.Shortly after, Ben discovers Anna Esseker's home, but she is not there. The owner of the house says that when Anna was here strange things would happen with the mirrors, so they tried to get her help. The doctor's treatment was to lock Anna in a room of mirrors. Whatever was in her, left her and entered the mirrors. After that, Esseker was sent to a convent, where mirrors are not permitted. After finding Anna, she explains to Ben that she was possessed by a demon, and while in the hospital she was confined to a chair in a room which was surrounded by mirrors, as the doctors' believed this treatment would cure her schizophrenia by forcing her to confront her own reflection. In reality, the demon within her was drawn from her and became trapped in the mirrors.Ben begs Anna to come back to the department store so that the demon will leave his family alone, though Anna refuses. Meanwhile, Ben's family is attacked by the mirrors. Because he feels the demon in the mirrors is a friend, Michael cleans the paint from all reflective surfaces with a butcher knife and turns all the faucets on, covering the floor with a thin, reflective layer of water. Amy is almost drowned by Michael's reflection in the bathtub, but she saves herself by pulling the drain plug. Meanwhile, a reflection of Amy almost slashes her daughter's throat but the real Amy manages to save her. Amy calls Ben for help, and he abducts Anna at gunpoint. Anna returns to the mirror room and tells Ben to strap her tight, then leave immediately. Amy finds Michael playing in the water. Michael is pulled through the surface of the water by his own reflection and is trapped on the other side, underwater.As Anna opens her eyes and becomes repossessed, the mirrors explode. Ben returns to the mirror room and discovers that the demon is now crawling on the ceiling and walls and has superhuman strength. Ben shoots at it but fails to wound the demon. He then impales it on a broken steam pipe that ignites a nearby gas line. He tries to escape the crumbling building but the demon attacks again and he is forced to fight it off. The building gives away and various rubble comes down on the demon, killing it, and supposedly Ben as well.At the family's home, Amy claws at the surface of the water in an attempt to rescue her drowning son. Suddenly, Michael is released from the other side of the reflection and Amy is able to pull him to safety and revive him with CPR.Ben finally pulls himself out of the rubble and stumbles his way out of the building. Police and firemen are everywhere in the street, and a body is seen taken in a bag by paramedics, but nobody stops Ben as he leaves. He realizes that something is different because the name on a badge is written in reverse (like a mirror), so is the word Police on a car; his hand wound from earlier in the movie is on the opposite hand. Ben then realizes that he was crushed to death under the rubble and is now trapped in the mirror world. Fleeing the scene, he happens upon a mirror in town, and he can not see his reflection. He places his hand on it. The scene then changes to the real world and the audience sees Ben's hand print on the mirror. The camera pans and credits roll.
tags: mystery,  murder,  violence,  alternate reality,  horror,  flashback,  insanity, 

title: Braindead
synopsis: The first scene sets up the danger of the Sumatran Rat-Monkey, a hybrid creature that according to legend resulted from the rape of tree monkeys on Skull Island by plague-carrying rats. Stewart, an explorer returning from the depths of the island with his guide and team, is carrying a rat-monkey in a cage and is stopped by fierce warrior natives that demand the return of the monkey. Stewart escapes with the cage to the rest of his team and a waiting Jeep, leaving his guide behind and the natives in hot pursuit. As the jeep takes off, Stewart's guide catches up and jumps on board. In the ensuing melee, Stewart gets bitten by the Rat-Monkey. Seeing the mark of the monkey's bite on his right hand, Stewart's men immediately hold down the infected explorer and amputate the appendage. A bite mark is then seen on his left arm, which swiftly results in the removal of that limb. Finally, they see a set of bloody scratches on Stewart's forehead and kill him. The title screen follows the man's dying scream, and as the opening credits roll the captured rat-monkey is shipped to Wellington Zoo in New Zealand.Wellington, 1957, Lionel Cosgrove lives with his domineering mother, Vera. To his mother's dismay, Lionel falls in love with a local shopkeeper's daughter, Paquita, and while snooping on the two during a visit to the zoo, Vera is bitten by the Sumatran Rat-Monkey; she subsequently crushes its head. The animal's bite slowly turns her into a ravenous zombie. Lionel is horrified, but, ever the dedicated son, is determined to care for her. Despite his efforts to keep her placated with periodic doses of veterinary anesthetic, Vera starts murdering other townspeople, turning them into zombies. He tries to keep them locked away in the basement, while simultaneously trying to maintain his relationship with the completely oblivious Paquita. Vera escapes, however, and is hit by a tram.As the townspeople assume she is dead, Lionel tranquilizes the still-kicking zombie for her funeral. After she is buried, he returns to the graveyard to administer more anesthetic, but is accosted by a gang of hoodlums. Vera bursts from her grave, resulting in more deaths and zombies. As their numbers grow, Lionel manages to keep the zombies under relative control with repeated injections, and tries to keep them concealed in his home. However, Lionel's uncle Les, arrives to try to wrangle with Lionel over his mother's estate. Uncle Les discovers the corpses and blackmails his nephew into giving up his inheritance in return for his silence.Lionel reluctantly administers poison to the zombies (killing them) and buries them, just as Uncle Les and a crowd of his friends arrive for a housewarming party. However, the poison turns out to be an animal stimulant, and since the zombies came from the bite of an animal (the Rat-Monkey), it only gives them even more energy. The zombies burst from the ground to attack and infect the party guests in a gory finale.Some of the guests are running, and some are being eaten by the zombies. Lionel goes into a room where he saw Paquita fighting with Uncle Les, and informs them of the zombie outbreak, which horrifies them. Uncles Les manages to get out through the window, while Lionel pulls out a large hanger with clothes, which distracts the zombies and gives Paquita a chance to escape. He later kills the zombified Void by splitting his body in half, but his intestines come to life and try to kill him. He escapes into the attic where he finds a vault containing a corpse. He notices that it is his real father. He stumbles down from the attic upside down while a rope hangs on his feet. Paquita, Rita, and Mandy barricade themselves in a room. A man was being eaten on the window and they try to help him, but when they pull him inside, his body is half eaten. Mandy screams and a zombie knocks her down and crushes his hands on her mouth, killing her. Paquita hides in a cabinet where she finds Rita. They go to the kitchen and barricade themselves there, but the zombified Mandy is there with the baby. The baby bites Rita's neck, and the two see Uncle Les screaming for help. They save him by pulling him inside, but the room was damaged so the zombies were able to get in. As the girls run upstairs, Uncle Les is bullied by the baby zombie as he follows it. He goes into the basement, where he sees Lionel's mother, who has turned into a giant zombie. She pulls him up and separates his spinal cord and head from his body.As Paquita and Rita are chased by the zombies, Lionel appears and holds a running lawn mower, bottom outwards, with which he kills most of the zombies, with a great load of limbs, blood, and body parts flying around. The group are now fighting with dozens of zombies, animated intestines and spinal cords, severed heads, and disembodied legs. As Paquita fights some of the zombies, she notices something is wrong with Rita, and as she talks to her, a baby's hands appears on her ears and splits her head in half; the baby killing Rita. Just as it attacks Paquita, Mandy's head (impaled on a bulb) ignites, and manages to ignite gas flowing from an open gas pipe, setting the house ablaze, killing the zombified Rita in the fire. Lionel manages to kill all of the zombies, until his mother, who (possibly because she was the one originally bitten) has become a hyper-oestroegenized gargantuan monster with a grossly distorted head and spine, and huge, balloon-like breasts, pursues Lionel and Paquita to the rooftop. Paquita almost falls and hangs onto the edge of the roof, while Lionel finally confronts his mother about the truth regarding his father's demise. It is revealed that she drowned Lionel's father and mistress after she found them in the bathtub together. Lionel declares that he is no longer afraid of her, and she opens her womb, engulfing Lionel, closing him inside her body, declaring that he is 'such a good boy' and that 'none will ever you love you as much as (the one who bore you)' as Paquita screams in horror. Lionel's mother then tries to kill Paquita by removing her hands from the pole she's holding, and in an over-the-top Freudian rebirth, Lionel cuts his way out of his mother's grotesquely changed, gigantified body using the cross he got from Paquita's grandmother, falling out in a river of blood, and then being 'reborn' from a pile of gore (placenta) after his mother falls into the fiery house below. Lionel and Paquita escape the burning building, and walk away arm-in-arm covered in gore, as the local fire department arrives on the scene to put out the flames.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  psychedelic,  humor,  entertaining,  sadist, 

title: Hostel
synopsis: One night at the boys' hostel at Jaigarh University, a senior student Feroz (Mukesh Tiwari) and his goons harass freshman geek Vishnu Pandey (Subeer Goswamin), stripping him down, molesting him and forcing him to act like a dog. His cries for help fall on deaf ears. Karan (Vatsal Sheth), an engineering freshman, arrives at the hostel. He meets Vishnu, Nilesh (Ramesh Chandane) and Bobby (Nirmal Soni) and befriends them. That evening, Akshay, a gang leader, tries to extort money from him in front of dozens of senior males. When Karan refuses he is beaten and Akshay takes him to Feroz. Feroz asks Karan to drink a glass of his urine and throws it at Karan's face when he refuses.
Vishnu tells Karan Feroz has deliberately been unsuccessful in his exams so that he can continue to live in luxury in the hostel and has become the general secretary by intimidating the students. He is politically well-connected, and is expected to stand for local elections within a few years. Karan is refused help by the corrupt hostel warden, Sharad Saxena, who is loyal to Feroz and Karan is beaten even more in his presence.
Feroz and his goons later ask Karan to do a striptease. When he refuses, they drag him out to the field, strip him naked in front of everyone and mock him. He is helped by Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby. At the library, Karan breaks down crying as he recalls his humiliation. Science student Payal (Tulip Joshi) asks if he's okay and they become friends. Feroz's sadistic activities escalate and he starts selling drugs to students. Meanwhile, Karan and Payal fall in love.
Once, when Karan is with Payal, Karan is called by one of the goons for ragging. Karan refuses, so Akshay comes to him with a mini-gang of five. They instigate Karan by trying to harass Payal. Karan retaliates and ends up beating them all, particularly Akshay. Feroz asks Akshay to take help from a gangster of his contact. When the gangster arrives with his goons Karan explains and convinces him that Feroz is using them. The gangster then tells Karan to contact him if he needs help. After this damage caused to his reputation by Akshay, Feroz expels Akshay from the gang and threatens him to leave the hostel within 24 hours. Feroz offers Karan Akshay's place but is declined. He tells Karan that they will no longer bother him as long as he minds his own business. Over the year he and his goons continue to torture freshmen. Some bear it without resistance while some leave.
After a year, a naïve and weak new freshman, Pawan (Vinamra) arrives. In his room, he finds the goons, with Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby, who have been corrupted by Feroz and are now part of his gang. They now believe that ragging results in manhood and this strains their relationship with Karan who befriends Pawan. One night, Feroz brings a prostitute to the hostel and asks Pawan to have unprotected sex with her to be witnessed by the entire gang and the warden. Karan interferes, saving Pawan although he takes a beating from Feroz. He is advised by Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby to mind his business but he ignores them. Later he helps Pawan study for an exam while Feroz and his gang watch porn. When Karan leaves, Feroz and the gang, intoxicated and aroused, enter Pawan's room and rape him.
A traumatized and pant less Pawan hangs himself from the ceiling fan with blood dripping down his legs, suggesting he was sodomized. The reluctant dean, under pressure from the trustees, blames the suicide on Pawan's psychological problems. Feroz warns Karan not to go to the press or he will rape Payal like he raped Pawan. Karan breaks up with Payal and sends her away to protect her. Later Karan procures a gun presumably from the gangster. That night, Karan locks all the hostel gates, goes to Feroz's room and shoots Vishnu, Bobby, Nilesh and the warden three times each. He gets into a fight with Feroz and his goons although he takes a vicious beating. Once he is holding the upper hand, despite the dean pleading with him not to kill Feroz as it will ruin his life, he shoots Feroz nine times, and ends the gang's reign of terror over the hostel.
tags: boring,  gothic,  murder,  stupid,  violence,  cult,  horror,  action,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: The Batman vs. Dracula
synopsis: Joker and Penguin have escaped from Arkham Asylum, and Batman is summoned to round them up. Unfortunately for the Joker, he appears to have been electrocuted when, in order to escape Batman, he jumps into a river with his palm shocker still activated. Penguin, however, makes it to the Gotham City Cemetery where an inmate has told him some loot is buried in a certain tomb. In searching for the tomb, Penguin inadvertently awakens Dracula when he spills blood on Drac's corpse. After feeding on the cemetery guard, Dracula turns Penguin into his renfield. A cloud of fear descends over Gotham City as people begin to go missing.At the same time that Dracula is planning to turn Gotham City into the City of the Undead, Bruce Wayne is planning the Wayne Industries Energy Expo to be held tomorrow evening at Wayne Manor. During an interview with Gotham City News reporter Vicky Vale, he invites Vicky (who appears to be developing a thing for Bruce) to be his date. That night on his watch over the city, Batman sees the cemetery guard attack a woman after knocking out a hoodlum who was trying to steal her purse. When Batman jumps in to help the woman, all three of them -- the guard, the hoodlum, and the woman -- turn on Batman, all of them now vampires. Batman escapes by jumping on the top of a passing El train.It is now the evening of the Expo. Guests are beginning to arrive, including Dracula. He takes a fancy to Vicky and introduces himself to Bruce as Dr Alucard, newly arrived in Gotham to study the Batman, whom he sees as a fearful individual who assumes the guise of a bat. In return, Bruce introduces Alucard to the SL-5, one of Wayne Industries' latest technological advances. It collects and stores solar energy as true sunlight. Alucard is impressed that science has finally done something positive with the sun. When the food servers circulate with trays of hors d'oeuvres, Alucard grimaces at the garlic shrimp but wolfs down the steak tartare, then excuses himself in order to find something to wash it down with. That something is Bruce Wayne's blood. Alucard mesmerizes Bruce into going out on the terrace. Just as Alucard is about to pounce on Bruce, however, Alfred comes out looking for him, dashing Alucard's plan. Instead, Alucard feasts on the serving captain, Stipes.Bruce isn't sure how he got out on the terrace, but he suspects it was Alucard's doing. He follows Alucard as Alucard prepares to leave and sees him turn into a bat and fly away. Alfred notices that Alucard casts no reflection in a mirror, and Bruce writes Alucard's name on a silver platter then holds it in front of the mirror to notice that Alucard is Dracula backwards. Now that he knows what he's up against, Bruce figures that his first course of action should be to find a cure for vampirism so that he can rescue Dracula's victims, so it's off to the Thomas Wayne Old School Medical Library to do some extensive research.Vicky Vale has been sent out to interview a man who claims to have seen a large bat attacking a Gotham City resident. Vicky and the authorities conclude that the attacker and the individual behind all the missing persons must be none other than the Batman. All of Gotham is now looking for Batman, who now finds himself being hunted, shot at, and feared by the city he tries to protect. Dracula, too, has decided that there is room in Gotham City for only one bat and vows to destroy Batman after Batman refuses to ally himself with Dracula. Fortunately for Batman, the sun starts to rise before Dracula is able to make good on his threat.That evening, as Penguin goes down into the catacombs to awaken Dracula, he is confronted by his old friend, the Joker. Joker explains that he was saved when he was caught in the net of a fisherman who retrieved him from the water. Penguin attempts to elude the Joker by running through the catacombs, but the Joker follows. When he sees Dracula's coffin and bends over to peek into it, Dracula grabs him by the throat and pulls him inside. Breakfast in bed...fresh squeezed, Penguin comments. Now turned into a vampire, the Joker raids a blood bank, which sets off an alarm, seending Batman over to investigate. Enhanced by his new vampire powers, Joker leaps at Batman, but Batman sets off a series of garlic bombs. The Joker is subdued, and Batman takes him to the Batcave in order to test some of his antivampire medications.Bruce and Alfred work through the night and all the next day looking unsuccessfully for a cure. So busy are they that they are both surprised when the doorbell rings. They had both forgotten that Vicky was dropping by for dinner. Alfred attempts to stall Vicky while Bruce continues to work. When Joker's thirst becomes too painful to bear, Bruce withdraws some of his own blood and, donning his bat costume, feeds his own blood to the Joker. As the time closes in on 9 PM, Vicky sadly gives up waiting for Bruce to join her for dinner, much to Alfred's chagrin (Alfred is hoping that Bruce and Vicky will get it on together). Meanwhile, Bruce thinks that he may have found the cure. When it comes time to feed Joker again, Bruce slips some of the serum into the bloodbag. Joker drinks it and POOF, no longer is he a vampire. There is one side effect, however. Joker cannot remember anything about being a vampire. He only remembers being in the Gotham Cemetery with Penguin, so Batman sends him back to Arkham Asylum.Now on her way home after having been stood up, Vicky misses her train. Fortunately, Dracula shows up and offers to share drinks with her while she waits for the next one. Vicky tells him that she's running late and will catch a cab instead. Then she tries to contact Bruce, but Bruce is loading up his serum into syringes and doesn't answer. When Bruce gears up to go hunting for Dracula, Alfred convinces him to wait until morning when the advantage will be his but suggests that he return Vicky's phone call. Bruce does just that, but Vicky doesn't answer. Suddenly, he gets another call from Vicky, telling him that she met up with Dracula and needs rescuing.Dracula has taken Vicki into the catacombs where he, Penguin, and all of the children of the night are gathered to witness the blood wedding. But it isn't Vicky Vale that Dracula intends to wed. He simply needs her life essence in order to awaken his true bride, Carmilla Karnstein, who was reduced to ashes when she was struck in the sunlight. As Vicky's essence begins to rise from her body and flow into the pile of Carmilla ash that Dracula has suspended on a platform over her, Batman makes his way into the catacombs. Too busy rehydrating his bride, Dracula sends his minions to stop Batman, but Batman is able to knock them out one by one and inject him with the antivampire serum. Soon, all the lost ones have rehumanized, so they exit from the catacombs. Batman goes looking for Dracula and Vicky.Vicky's essence is quickly draining, so Batman first ropes Penguin and puts him out of commission. Then he aims a triggerized syringe at Dracula, but Dracula mesmerizes him so that Batman cannot pull the trigger. Instead, he drops it on the ground. Then he remembers himself as a young boy and how he became the Batman. This seems to make him grow stronger until he is able to throw a garlic bomb at Carmilla. This interrupts the flow of essence from Vicky, sending it all back into her. Batman helps Vicky out of her coffin and tells her to run. Then he and Dracula go at it, fighting hand to hand until a big cloud of dust fills up the chamber. Hiding in the dust, Bruce sends a message to Alfred, triangulating his location.As Alfred watches on the computer screen, he sees Batman winding his way through the catacombs under Gotham City and realizes that Batman is leading Dracula into the Batcave. When the two of them break through the walls and are inside the cave itself, the fighting resumes. I will drain you dry and use your cape as a dinner napkin, Dracula threatens. Alfred manages to shoot a syringeful of serum into Dracula, but it has no effect, as no earthly medicine can cure a supernatural affliction. Dracula goes after Alfred, which gives Batman time to turn on the SL-5. As the harnessed sunlight begins to fill the Batcave, Dracula realizes that Batman is really Bruce Wayne. And you are dust, Batman replies, as Dracula begins to disintegrate. As an added measure, Batman scatters Dracula's bones all over the Batcave, leaving Alfred to sweep into the dustbin straightaway.Meanwhile, back at the cemetery, Penguin has been sent out to recapture Vicky and return her to Dracula. She manages to elude him for a while, even knocking over the buried loot that Penguin came to find in the first place, but he eventually corners her just as Dracula is turned to dust. Having lost all memory of what he's supposed to be doing, Penguin turns to the pile of gold that has been uncovered, just as the police arrive and arrest him.It's all over the news that the missing ones have been found and that it was all a plot by Penguin to use them as hostages to uncover mob treasure. Batman has been exonerated, and Penguin's insistence that it was due to vampires is dismissed as insanity as he is escorted back to Arkham Asylum. [Original synopsis by BJ Kuehl]
tags: violence,  psychedelic,  horror,  comedy,  suspenseful, 

title: The Woman in Black
synopsis: Arthur Kipps (Daniel Radcliffe) is a young lawyer who is depressed by the loss of his beautiful wife after giving birth to a son. His son, now grown to a toddler, draws pictures of him with a sad face. He is assigned to prepare a large house for sale on a marsh and travels to an obscure village where he is shunned by most of the townspeople. He visits the Eel Marsh House, the estate of the late Alice Drabow, to look it over, but finds his job has grown more perilous as it is haunted by the ghost of a woman scorned. He learns from the villagers that the ghost of the woman in black seeks revenge against their children because her child was taken away from her. Kipps is befriended by Sam (Ciaran Hinds) and his wife Elizabeth (Janet McTeer). They, too, have lost a son, and they help the lawyer to investigate the background of the estate and what happened.------
written by KristelClaireThree pretty little girls, all dressed in what looks like nursery dresses, are playing in the nursery room on their own, with porcelain dolls. Suddenly, they stare to each other, and then, they look to the front wall. There is nobody there, and the day is clear. Without uttering any word, they stand up, hold their hands and go to the window wall. They open the three-tiered windowpane, and they jump on their own accord. There is a moment of silence. Suddenly, a female scream is heard - presumably of the person who has discovered the dead bodies of the three little girls.Cut to Arthur Kipps (Daniel Radcliffe), a young agent. His boss, Mr ... , tells him on rude terms that this is his last opportunity, as this realty company is not a charity: if he makes another mistake, it will be his last, he won't be given another opportunity.Arthur says good-bye to his 7-year-old son, Joseph (Misha Handley). This is a serious boy, who will be left alone by Arthur's work commitment. The nurse (Jessica Raine) will take care of him meanwhile. Joseph has drawn himself, his father, and his mother in the form of an angel atop a cloud in a piece of paper entitled tuesday - no capital here. His father asks Joseph why he is so sad, and Joseph says that he just is.Arthur travels by train. He talks to a fellow passenger, and afterwards, stares at a little girl (Indira Ainger) who is also travelling with them. Arthur reminiscences about when his son was born. The boy was perfectly alright, as the nurse pronounces (Lucy May Barker) proudly it's a boy but the doctor (Andy Robb), tells him straightaway that he is so sorry, that nothing could have been done for her. Immediately, Arthur sees how a blood-stained sheet is used to cover the horrified face of his late wife, Stella Kipps (Sophie Stuckey).The fellow passenger, Mr Bentley (Roger Allam) advises to take a cab. He also invites him to dine with him and his wife the following day.The town is dark, and everybody looks terrified, sullen. Parents tell their children to get inside when they look to the visitor.At the local inn, Kipps is put into the attic - the place which the three little girls jumped from at the beginning of the film-. Mr Fisher (Shaun Dooley) looks like a rude uncompromising host. Mr Bentley will recommend him to leave town as soon as possible, but Mr Kipps tells him that he will need to stay up until Friday the least to make and serious and fair evaluation of all the items within the house.A cab driver takes Kipps to the mansion. There is a thin causeway linking the town to the lonely isolated mansion which zig-zags among the marshes. The driver leaves him right outside the plot of land which is occupied by the mansion and its land. When Arthur tells him to pick him up at 3 o'clock, he says that it'll have to be at five, because of the tide.Arthur enters the property. There seems to be nobody at the home, so he gets up to the second floor. He takes a look at Joseph's drawing before setting to work in front of a pile of papers. Inside one of the bedrooms, he sees a nest of ravens. A raven rushes out flying, so it startles him. Arthur thinks he's heard something, so he looks out of the window. A black shadow appears on the garden, among the dangling tombstones. The raven flies around and softly lands on the bed. When Arthur looks out again, there is nobody in the cemetery. Arthur rushes out. The thick fog prevents him from seeing anything, or anyone for that matter. The feeling of something terrible about to happen is omminous... but it's only the driver, who has just arrived to pick Arthur up. He tells him to be careful. Arthur thought that he had heard the faraway cries of children, and the driver tells him that some boys died drowned in the marshes.Arthur runs to the police station in order to denounce the person who has trespassed the property. The constable Collins (David Burke) says that there is no villager who would go to that mansion on their own accord. The constable gets inside to look at something. At that moment, two children arrive with a very sick child, Victoria Hardy (Alexia Osborne), who is spitting blood. Arthur screams, but he can't do anything for the child. Victoria dies in his arms.Back to his lodgings, Arthur thinks he hears the soft cries of a woman, so he calls out for Mrs Fisher (Mary Stockley), but it's a pet raven which mimicks the whimpering voice of a woman. Mrs Fisher serves him a drink.At the dinner, the conversation is a little awkward, but everything seems to go well, until Elisabeth Fisher has a fit and has to be sedated. In a later conversation, the husband says that there are many superstitions in the town, but that everything is an illusion. Later that night, Arthur sees Elisabeth caressing one of her dogs, caressing and soothing it in an all-white laced craddle.Arthur goes looking for Mr Jerome (Tim McMullan), but what he finds is a terrified girl imprisoned in a room (Cathy Sara), who tells Arthur to let her alone because he has killed Victoria. The villagers cry for another lost girl, but Bentley disregards their pain as superstition. Bentley drives Arthur around in his motorcar, and this is the second that the images focus on a cross planted at a side of the watery path. Bentley takes Arthur to the house, and offers to pick him up at 11, but Arthur prefers to spend the night there. Bentley lends him his dog.There, Arthur lights some candles. One of the rooms can't be unlocked with any of the keys, so Arthur turns his attention to a heavy wooden box with Nathaniel Drablow written on it.Arthur makes a daguerotype go round, and he sees for a split second, the dark eyes of the woman in black. Scribbled photographs: a shadow passes by, and the dog begins to bark. Arthur follows the dog, who barks close to the tombstone of Nathaniel Drablow (Ashley Foster). When they go back to the mansion, Arthur sees the Woman in Black (Liz White), retreating from close to the window. When Arthur goes to that room, he looks out and sees the dilapidated view. Right on his back, the Woman in Black appears and immediately disappears. He doesn't see her, but he feels something so he looks around. In a wooden box, he finds cards addressed to Nathaniel from his birth mother, The Woman in Black, signing as MUMMY. That woman was Jennet, who had a tombstone alongside Nathaniel's. Through the documents, it looks like Jennet gave her child on adoption (as she was deemed mentally unfit to raise her child). It is also revealed that Nathaniel is adopted by Jannet's sister Alice who keeps this as a secret and raises Nathaniel as her own son. Through many letters, Arthur comes to know that Jannet was very displeased as she wasn't allowed to visit her son. After the accident that took the life of Nathaniel, his body was never found in the marshlands.Jannet appears as a hidden figure in the photos of the Drablows (Alisa Khazanova), with Nathaniel as the child in the photographs.Arthur falls asleep, and the shadow of the Woman in Black gets close, but the dog barks and scares it. Arthur wakes up and walks along the dark corridor up to the locked room. He remembers the locked room when his wife died. He tries to open this door, but can't. He goes down to look for something to open it, but suddenly, it is wide open. He picks an axe and a candle. A rocking chair is moving on its own, and for a second, the audience can see The Woman in Black rocking herself.Under the wallpaper, observed by the mechanic toys, he discloses ...YOU COULD HAVE SAVED HIM... written in blood. Going back to a window, he can see clearly the shrillingly screaming face of Jennet. Outside, in the rainy night, he can see the images of many dead children, rotten and anguished. Running back to the mansion, he can see the black footprints of the Woman in Black, and he follows them to the room. He sees Jennet hanging herself.Leaving the room, he sees the Woman in Black approaching from the other end of the corridor. Arthur encloses himself in a room, but Nathaniel grows from the bed. When he tries to leave the house, he finds Bentley who has arrived to pick him up.Back to the town, Arthur sees Jerome's house on fire. He gets into the house and inside, he can see how a girl, Lucy Jerome (Aoife Doherty) sets herself on fire, pronted by the Woman in Black, who is present there encouraging her without words. Arthur can't do anything to save her.Bentley offers some consolation to Arthur. Elizabeth tells Arthur about Jennet in front of her tombstone. The children can speak through her, and they say that the Woman in Black was always present to make all those children kill themselves one way or another as her own child was lost too. Bentley arrives when Elizabeth has another fit while repeating SHE IS COMING over and over again. Before passing out, Elisabeth draws a picture of Arthur with his son beside a train engine (Arthur recognizes himself from the earlier pictures made by his son).Arthur convinces Bentley to help him find the body of Nathaniel and reunite him to his mother by giving him a proper burial. He ties himself with a rope to Bentley's car. Arthur goes in the black slimey goo of the marshlands. Finally, Bentley pulls Arthur out, and he takes out what seems a hidden wagon, and within it, the body of Nathaniel.Arthur enshrouds Nathaniel's body. Then he puts the postcards sent to him by his mother and other mechanical toys around the dead body as he waits for The Woman in Black.Bentley sees his dead son entering a room. When he follows his son and enters the room, he is imprisoned and Arthur can't hear him. The corridor gets even more darkened. The Woman in Black shouts to and scares Arthur, but suddenly she disappears. The other door also opens, setting Bentley free.They bury Nathaniel and Jennet's body together.In the next scene it seems that the Woman in Black still can't forgive.Some days afterwards, the two friends receive Joseph with his nurse at the train station. The nurse goes to pay for tickets back to London as Arthur and Bentley talk.Joseph releases his hand and jumps to the track while a train is approaching.Arthur sees the Woman in Black and then his eyes dart to his son walking on the track. Arthur jumps to the trackline to save Joseph but the train runs over. Bentley can see all the dead children and the screaming Woman in Black at the other side of the track, through the gaps of the moving wagons.Arthur is holding Joseph in an empty train station.Stella welcomes them both and they tenderly walk on together along the track.
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  atmospheric,  revenge, 

title: Curse of Chucky
synopsis: Set four years after the conclusion of the previous film. Chucky (voiced by Brad Dourif), arrives mysteriously in the mail to the family home of paraplegic Nica (Fiona Dourif) and her mother, Sarah. Sarah, not knowing who sent Chucky, throws him in the garbage. Later that night, Nica hears Sarah screaming in pain and finds her dead from a self-inflicted stab wound as Chucky watches from a nearby chair.The next day, Nica is grieving over the gruesome suicide of her mother when her domineering older sister Barb (Danielle Bisutti) arrives in town, with her family: husband, Ian; daughter, Alice; and live-in nanny, Jill, to help settle their mothers affairs. Also present is Father Frank, a priest that came to counsel the family. Alice finds Chucky in the bathroom and develops a friendship with him.After Nica and Alice cook chili for dinner, they leave the kitchen to set the dinner table. In their absence, Chucky pours rat poison into one of the bowls. As night falls, Father Frank and the family sit down and eat. Father Frank leaves as a thunderstorm starts. Emergency personnel arrive at the scene of a car accident and find Father Frank, disoriented from the rat poison, pinned at the throat by the roof of his car. Firefighters remove the car's roof, unintentionally severing his head.Back at the house, Nica, Barb, Jill, and a half-asleep Ian are watching old home movies. Nica notices a human Charles Lee Chucky Ray in one of the movies. Alice comes downstairs and notifies everyone that Chucky is gone. Nica finds the return address from the package Chucky arrived in. She tries to call the number, but the storm is causing on and off blackouts and blocking cellphone signals. Jill puts Alice to bed and starts looking for Chucky. While in the kitchen, Barb comes in and passionately kisses Jill, indicating an affair. Nica returns to the living room and finds Chucky sitting on the sofa next to a sleeping Ian. Nica uses the house elevator to take Chucky to Alice, but a blackout occurs and Chucky cuts her leg with a knife. The power returns and the elevator takes Nica to the second floor where Alice takes Chucky and goes to bed.After everyone else goes to their rooms, Nica goes downstairs and looks up Chucky Doll Evidence on the internet, where she reads the stories of his murders and realizes that Chucky is alive. Jill goes to Alice's room, strips down to her underwear, and starts video chatting with Barb in another bedroom next to Ian. While talking in video chat Barb tries to warn Jill that Alice is up (not knowing that is Chucky). Jill looks down and sees Chucky holding a knife. Chucky kicks a bucket of rain water over. The water touches Jill's feet and a power outlet, electrocuting her to death and causing another blackout. Barb goes to check on Alice. A now awake Ian questions who Barb is really checking on, indicating that he put a nanny cam on Chucky and knows about the affair. Barb leaves the room after Ian puts in earplugs to tune her out.Barb finds Chucky sitting on stairs that lead to the attic. Thinking that Alice is in the attic, Barb picks up Chucky and goes up to look for her. Meanwhile,with the elevator unusable due to the blackout, Nica crawls up the stairs to the second floor. In the attic, Barb notices the knife in Chucky's overalls. She sets Chucky down on a trunk and continues her search for Alice. Barb turns around and sees Chucky sitting on a shelf. She notices that parts of Chucky's face is peeling. Barb peels off the plastic coating on Chucky's face, exposing his stitches and scars from the previous film. Chucky comes alive and gouges out one of Barb's eyes with his knife.
Nica makes it to the attic's stairs. Chucky throws Barb's eyeball down the stairs. Barb then falls down the stairs dead. Chucky makes his way down the stairs towards Nica. Nica gets a wheelchair from the hallway closet and rolls away with Chucky in pursuit. Nica stops at Alice's room and sees that she has disappeared. Nica makes it to Ian and alerts him of the situation. A skeptical Ian wheels Nica to the garage, then goes back to the house to find Alice, instead finding Jill's and Barb's dead bodies. Chucky locks himself in a car in the garage, starts it, and tries to kill Nica with carbon monoxide poisoning. Nica finds a hatchet and smashes a car window to attack Chucky. Ian returns to the garage and sees Nica with the hatchet. Ian, now suspecting Nica of the murders, disarms her. The stress of the entire situation causes Nica to suffer a heart attack and lose consciousness.
Nica regains consciousness. Ian has tied her to her wheelchair and looks at footage from the nanny cam that Chucky is not responsible for the murders. The footage shows that Chucky is alive and hid Alice in a closet and the affair between Barb and Jill. Chucky comes in and uses Nica's wheelchair to run Ian over. Chucky then uses the hatchet to chop off Ian's lower jaw, killing him. Chucky attacks Nica lodging the hatchet into her knee, but she manages to break out of her restraints and knock out Chucky. Chucky gets back up and Nica uses the hatchet to decapitate him.Nica turns her back to tend to her wounds. Chucky gets up and reattaches his head. Chucky then grabs Nica's wheelchair, pushes her down the hall and through the balcony. Nica falls to the ground floor. Chucky walks downstairs and taunts Nica. Nica asks why Chucky is doing this. Through flashbacks, Chucky explains that he was a friend of the family. He was in love with Sarah, but she was married and pregnant with Nica. Chucky killed Sarah's husband and kidnapped her some time after the funeral. After Sarah rejects him, Chucky stabs her in the stomach before fleeing from the police. The stab to Sarah's stomach is what caused Nica to be born a paraplegic. The kidnapping led to Chucky's death as a human, setting off the chain of events of the franchise.
The electricity returns long enough for Nica to make it into the elevator. Chucky cuts Nica's fingers before dropping the knife into the elevator. Nica, now holding the knife, urges Chucky to attack her. Chucky lunges at Nica and is stabbed in the back. Nica attempts to leave the elevator, but Chucky springs back to life. A police officer arrives at the house and hears Nica scream. He enters the house and sees Nica in the elevator still holding the bloody knife. He looks around and sees Barb's body upstairs while Chucky watches from a nearby chair.Some time later, Nica is found guilty of the murders and sent to an asylum. As Nica is being wheeled out of court, she taunts Chucky (a piece of evidence) that she is still alive. The arresting officer takes Chucky and prepares to take it to an unknown person, and tells the unknown person at the other end of the phone to have his money ready. The officer sees the plastic bag Chucky is in moving because of his breathing. Before he looks inside, Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) pops up in the backseat and slits his throat. Tiffany then mails Chucky to his next target.Alice, now living with her grandmother, comes home from school. Alice looks for her grandmother, but finds Chucky instead. She asks where her grandmother is and Chucky replies in the cellar. Chucky persuades Alice to play Hide The Soul. The camera pans away as Chucky says the chant that will transfer his soul to Alice's body. Before the screen cuts to black, Alice's screaming grandmother pops up on the screen with a plastic bag over her head.After the credits, Chucky is delivered to the now adult Andy Barclay (Alex Vincent). When Andy turns his back to answer a phone call from his mother, Chucky cuts his way out of the package. Chucky looks at an old photo of Andy and his mother from when he was a kid, before turning his attention to Andy. Andy, anticipating Chucky coming after him, holds a shotgun to Chucky's head. Chucky is surprised when Andy remarks, Play with this, before pulling the trigger.
tags: comedy,  murder,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  sadist,  home movie, 

title: Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles
synopsis: A Vampire of 200 years named Louis (Brad Pitt) follows a reporter named Daniel (Christian Slater) hoping to prey on him. Instead, Louis agrees to an interview with a man that does not believe in vampires. After Louis convinces his new friend of his powers, he tells his story beginning with how he was transformed by Lestat (Tom Cruise), a vampire. Louis describes his transformation and what vampires are truly vulnerable too. He is shown learning the ways of vampires, 200 years ago(in the time of African slavery in America), while he drinks his first tastes of blood. Louis becomes angry with Lestat for cursing him to this Hell. Next Louis gives in to the thirst as the slaves start to revolt and he kills a female slave for her blood. They kill again, and then Louis finds the girl Claudia, who has just been orphaned. Though he has great compassion for her, he bit and turned her. Lestat congratulates him and welcomes Claudia to the realm of the dark. Soon, Lestat kills for her to drink and Claudia has turned. A Vampire family emerges.
The two adults treat her as each of their daughter. She learns to play the piano, play with dolls, and kill people. Then on her 30th vampire birthday, Lestat gives her another doll. Then, he discovers a female corps in her pile of old dolls. They argue and she explodes about the fact that she will always be a little girl, deprived of a normal life. She attacks Lestat and then she runs away saying that she hated them both. Later, Louis finds her and they make peace. But then, filled with anger with Lestat, she goes to him and leads him to the deadly trap she has set for him. He curses her as he dies.They dump his body together and they start their new life .Then one night, they return to their loft to find Lestat, badly scarred returning for his revenge. Then Louis, using an oil lamp, burned him and their loft. Knowing that Lestat may return again, Louis takes Claudia and they run off to live on the lamb. Louis is shown talking to Daniel again, about the myths that mortals believe about vampires. Then Louis is shown in 1890 where he meets two fellow vampires, Armand (Antonio Banderas) and one of his subjects. Then, Louis and Claudia join their new friends for a theater production of vampires, playing humans, playing vampires. On stage Armand and his pack kill on young lady as part of the act. Later, father and daughter join the brood of vampires in their lair. Then, after Claudia tells Louis that Armand means to kill her. She believes that she is in the way of Armand's plan. Then Armand spoke to Louis of Lestat and his death, and how turning Claudia the way they did was forbidden. Louis realized that Claudia was doomed. Though Claudia found a female that she wanted turned, to become her mother, Louis refused. Then he conceded and bit the adult woman. Just then as she was changing, Armand's large brood barged in and took Claudia and her new friend to a roofless dungeon. Louis was placed in a box for all of eternity. Then Claudia and the new vampire watch the sun rise, and they parish. When Armand learns of what was done, he frees Louis. Then, filled with rage, Louis sets the hive on fire. After the entire brood is dead, Armand and Louis leave in a carriage where they would be protected from the sun. The two men are the only vampires left from this tale, and they talk about their fellows that were just killed. When he realized that Armand regretted none of their deaths, Louis went on to live a night life around the world, by himself. Then Louis returned home and then to the creepy, abandoned plantation. Of course, Lastat was waiting for him. Though Lastat was insane, Louis left him, and told his interviewer Daniel that he does not know what ever happened to him. Louis told Daniel to pass on what he has learned, but Daniel wants to be turned. He wants to experience the life that Louis told him about. Louis grabs him and scares off Daniel, to change his mind. Then, afraid Daniel flees to his car and starts listening to the interview. Before long, Lestat attacks him in his convertible and bite the moral and drives his car away. In the closing scene, Lestat says to Daniel, who is still alive, that he is giving him the same choice that Louis was given. Death or eternal life!
tags: comedy,  fantasy,  gothic,  murder,  dramatic,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  good versus evil,  revenge,  historical, 

title: Day of the Dead
synopsis: Restless and alone in a brick-paved cubicle, Sarah sees a calendar before her on the wall. It is the month of October and every day is crossed out. While gazing at the image of a pumpkin patch, a dozen decayed arms punch through the wall clutching at her....She wakes from this surreal horror in the back of a helicopter. She's reminded she is living a real nightmare, looking down over a deserted Florida city, in which they land near an abandoned harbor. She is part of a team searching for survivors of a gruesome crisis that began almost a year earlier, a plague that started mysteriously and eventually collapsed human civilization. Her sometimes lover Miguel, an overworked and nerve-wracked soldier, calls for survivors on a bullhorn as they stand on the edge of the street of this now decaying town. Amid the scattered palm fronds, a newspaper blows in the death-scented wind near an early century federal building. It's big bold headline: THE DEAD WALK! (possibly one of the last papers ever printed).The unburied and/or recently dead have returned to life, attacking humans to devour their flesh, most of them becoming zombies, thus adding to their population. No scientist-no army, could contain or cure it. Now the only living creatures in the outside world are the alligators, tarantulas and land crabs that scavenge remains in the streets of this city of the living dead. The hundreds of wailing hordes of dead humans turn towards the bullhorn calls and en masse, march toward the survivors instinctively like cattle, forcing the team to head back to their sanctuary.The helicopter lands almost out of gas inside the military compound surrounded by wire fence. An army of the living dead have managed to find the post and surround the entrance gates, their numbers growing every day. Two more soldiers help secure the chopper, giving their new past times an afternoon break: Johnson, who reads the last issues of porno magazines while Torrez grows gardens of marijuana plants. John, the calm Jamaican pilot and his flask-swilling Irish buddy Bill McDermott are anxious to get on the elevator but not before urging the soldiers to fill the chopper up with gas. Sarah notices Miguel is becoming increasingly stressed and despondent. He hasn't gotten out of the chopper yet and apparently wasn't aware they even landed.They descend into the underground sanctuary Seminole Storage Facility, where they will not see sunlight again for days. Miller is another military officer waiting below for results of the team's search. This time he can tell it was another waste of time. Everyone has to stay in the cold, lonely, clinical white cubicles of the complex while John and Bill choose to stay in one of the Winnebagos stored near the barricades. These are the corrals leading to miles and miles of caves occupied by bats... and specimen zombies, collared at an earlier time by the government. Major Cooper, the commanding officer who died earlier that morning, was buried above the complex near five other graves of men the unit has lost (four soldiers and one civilian scientist). The men had been lost to the dangers of capturing the hostile specimen zombies corralled from the caves.Sarah and her group meet Privates Steel and Rickles who are now in charge of the zombie corralling as Dr. Logan has requested two more guinea pig zombies for his experiments. Sarah and Miguel are asked by the two soldiers to go along with them. Though tired from the 24-hour search mission, they agree and off they go into the caves in the golf cart towards the corral.At the corral capturing pen, Steel and Rickles both sexually harass Sarah verbally before the shell-shocked Miguel, who is of course, oblivious. Then Steel, making his sexism clearer than ever refuses to have Sarah handle the capture and Miguel defiantly takes on the dangerous task to prove himself. He loses control of a particularly excited female specimen jeopardizing the lives of all involved. Sarah manages to re-snare the female zombie before it can bite Rickles. The hot-tempered Steel, enraged that his buddy Rickles was almost lost because of his actions, grabs Miguel, forcing him into the clutches of a caged zombie. Sarah orders him to let him go aiming her Uzi as a possible consequence. After all is said and done, two more specimens are brought back to the lab for study. Miguel is sedated by Sarah in his room, while he uncontrollably berates her.In the dining hall, Dr. Ted Fisher pleads for sterile equipment to conduct proper tests on the specimens. He discusses this with the hostile Captain Rhodes, now in charge, who is also beginning to question the research that has been going on in the months the team has been sharing the facility.Throughout the day, Dr. Matthew Logan, derisively called Frankenstein by the soldiers, works on captured specimens, vivisecting the ghouls' chests and removing their organs. When Sarah enters his dark operating theatre to inform him of the meeting Rhodes has scheduled, he excitedly explains that the dead do not eat flesh out of hunger, but rather motor instinct. Another corpse is under a sheet. Logan reveals this one to be only a body with its face carved away leaving only the brain exposed. With electrodes leading to a machine, Logan begins shocking the corpse back to momentary life. Sarah notices Major Cooper's fatigues on the floor. Logan confesses the faceless body is Cooper's corpse and that he had switched it with a specimens for burial. He wanted a fresh corpse, believing his studies could be furthered.Captain Rhodes holds a 7:00 pm meeting with the remaining 12 of the group. Frustrated that he has already lost five soldiers while capturing the dangerous specimens for their research Rhodes makes threats to shut the operation down during the meeting in the dining hall. He is aware that the unit is low on ammo, food, medical supplies and now his own men. McDermott explains that his radio equipment is outdated and this makes the soldiers think that there may indeed be survivors but that they are out of radio signal range. When Sarah gets up to leave in the middle of bickering between Steel and McDermott, Rhodes threatens to have her shot. In fact he announces anyone who challenges his orders will be shot. None of this is taken seriously by the scientists who have gotten used to threats and the soldiers' depraved harassment.Later on, Sarah finds herself unable to sleep on the floor of the cubicle as Miguel lays in bed. By now he must be awake. He leans over and his whole chest has been surgically opened and as he turns toward her, his entrails spill out. Sarah is dreaming of course, the result of the visit to the lab earlier that day. She wakes to find Miguel is indeed up and waiting to hassle her about her fear she tries to keep a secret. She finally loses it, screaming at Miguel to leave the room. A few moments later, she wanders the hall of the complex, nearly getting caught in the middle of a scuffle between the soldiers, whose fight spills out into the hallway. She meets up with McDermott, who has been wandering the halls too. They head back to the Ritz-the Winnebago where he stays with John. Serving Sarah drinks, John treats her to the relaxed Caribbean atmosphere he's created in the trailer. John also gives a lengthy philosophical lecture on how he believes that the Creator has cursed mankind and that there can be no cure for zombification. So he urges Sarah to forget about the research and wants to leave before the soldiers lose it completely.The next day, Sarah finds Fisher frustrated that the specimens are not accepting a meat substitute called Beef Treats. Logan is trying to convince them that reward is the key to conditioning them. Bub is one specimen that seems to be under control. Logan has spared him from dissection, and instead reacquaints him with toothbrushes, razors, phones, books, tape player and even an unloaded gun. His infantile, docile behavior is unique among the zombies although Rhodes and the men witnessing this progress still think these creatures should all be destroyed.The next day, there's another capture attempt. Miguel once again loses control of a female specimen-an old lady, unleashing her on an unsuspecting Miller who is bitten on the neck. His finger is on the trigger of his machine gun when it goes off killing Johnson in the process. Sarah destroys this female zombie. Miguel is then thrown into a fit of denial, attacking the priest specimen which takes a huge bite out of his forearm, forcing Miguel into hysteric shock. The priest is destroyed by Steel. Sarah runs after Miguel now fleeing towards John and Bill's area. Miller begs for Steel to end his life as he knows he would certainly become cursed with living death. Steel looms over him and blows the soldier's brains out.John and Bill hearing Miguel's cries, wait in front of the Ritz. As Sarah draws John's machete from his belt, Miguel is overcome by a blow to the head and laid down. Sarah amputates his mutilated arm in one clean slice. After a hasty treatment, the soldiers led by Rhodes confront the three heroes, ready to destroy Miguel. John and Bill draw guns to defend his life. Rhodes declares that there will be no more experiments and that the specimens will be destroyed tomorrow. Leaving her shaken, Sarah finally breaks down and John comforts her.Going back to the lab for supplies for Miguel, Sarah and Bill discover Johnson's decapitated head has been reanimated by Logan. Horrified, they follow Logan from the refrigerator room into Bub's room. There they witness the rewards he had stressed all along... the fresh remains of Miller and Johnson.Just as the two realize what Logan has done Rhodes and the remaining soldiers appear behind them. Logan shows Rhodes that Bub responds to stimuli and, seeing Rhodes' military uniform, salutes him. Rhodes isn't convinced and drags the pleading Logan into the refrigerator to finish him off with a machine gun...amidst the dumped corpses of the military men killed in the capture attempts. He then orders the guns removed from Sarah and Bill. Then out by the corral area, ordering John to get ready to fly, Rhodes fires a bullet into the head of Fisher to make his point. Rhodes orders Sarah and Billy into the cages leading into the zombie-infested caves. John refuses to go anywhere until they are released. Then they hear the sound of the elevator...Steel and Rickles discover Miguel - has taken apart the control box and that there is no way out of the complex now. They try to rewire it while Rhodes is attacked by John and knocked out. John flees with Rhodes' guns through the corral area to search for his friends in the caves.John yells for Sarah and Billy and kills many would-be specimens in his pursuit. Rhodes finally wakes up and he and Torrez head back to find Steel and Rickles after realizing they are without weapons. A few moments later they would need any and all weapons they could get.The deranged and suicidal Miguel had escaped and opened the front entrance gates above the complex. He is savagely eaten alive as the elevator lowered carrying the hundreds of zombies with it. The three remaining soldiers run for their lives but are attacked and dismembered one by one by ten or more ghouls at once, until the whole place is infested. Steel makes it to the complex where he finds the cowardly Rhodes had locked everyone out, so he blasts open the door and enters taking all the dead with him. He hides in a lab where Bub finds him... firing one of the weapons he had found near the refrigerator room where he found his slain master, Logan. Just as Steel reloads his weapon and has an opportunity to kill Bub from behind a door, he is reunited with the mob of zombies who've entered the room through another door. After he gets bitten on his shoulder, Steel commits suicide rather then suffer the fate of being eaten alive by the mob of zombies.While John finally meets up with Sarah and Billy near the silo, Rhodes desperately goes for his last bit of ammunition and has a final encounter with Bub still firing his pistol (his aim getting better) who leads him to a door where a group of the dead are waiting. In a few moments, the dead are all over the labs and storage rooms feasting on the remains of the soldiers. Rhodes is torn apart and eaten alive, his last words being CHOKE ON IT!!When the three survivors finally exit the silo they see at least a hundred zombies marching towards them and the helicopter...which may or may not have any gas. John and Bill cover Sarah as she runs to the chopper door. She opens it only to be greeted by another swarm of arms...However, this is another of Sarah's dreams. She wakes up on some island with John fishing in the surf and birds overhead. On her calendar, she marks out November 4th - the Day of the Dead according to Latin American folklore.
tags: comedy,  suspenseful,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  satire,  claustrophobic,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Scream
synopsis: The film opens with young Casey Becker (Drew Barrymore) recieving phone calls from an unidentified caller. At first it seems as if he has gotten a wrong number, but it soon becomes clear he is toying with her, and his voice gets more and more threatening. Casey becomes frightened when she realizes her caller can see her. She begins to panic when the caller threatens to kill her, and forces her to answer movie trivia in exchange for her life and the life of her boyfriend, Steve, who she sees tied up on her back patio. After killing Steve, the caller torments Casey until finally breaking into the house and chasing her; he is dressed in a black costume with a white ghost mask over his face. He chases her across her lawn just as her parents pull up into the driveway. They do not see her, and Casey is stabbed in the chest, unable to scream. After killing Casey, the murderer strings up her body in the back yard for the parents to discover.We then meet Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) and her boyfriend Billy Loomis (Skeet Ulrich). Billy sneaks into her bedroom window and attempts to have sex with her, but Sidney is unsure and wants to remain a virgin for now. They are almost discovered by Sidney's father, Neil (Lawrence Hecht), and he comes into Sidney's room to discuss the fact that he is going out of town. We learn that Sidney's mother was killed almost one year before, and that Sidney and her father are alone. Sidney's testimony identified Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber) as the killer, although Cotton swears that he is innocent.The next day, Sidney's school is abuzz with news of the murder, and classes are temporarily cancelled. Sidney decides that since her father is gone and she is alone, she is going to stay with her her best friend Tatum (Rose McGowan). Sidney, Tatum, and BIlly sit with their group of friends, which includes Randy (Jamie Kennedy), who is obsessed with horror movies, and Stu (Matthew Lilliard), a class clown type who used to date Casey Becker.Sidney goes home to wait for Tatum to pick her up. The phone rings and she hears a strange voice, the same one that was on the phone with Casey. At first she thinks it is Randy joking around, but the caller turns abusive and brings up Sidney's mother. Do you wanna die, Sidney? Your mother sure didn't! The killer emerges from a closet in Sidney's house and a chase starts through out the house and Sidney locks herself in her bedroom and dials 911. Then Billy arrives, climbing through Sidney's window again, and a cell phone falls out of his pocket. Sidney realizes that it may have been him phoning her and she runs downs stairs and out of the house only to be greeted by the police.She is taken to the police station along with Billy, where he is questioned. At the police station, Sidney meets Dewey (David Arquette), Tatum's older brother and the town deputy, who is considered a dolt. Outside the police station, she is confronted by nosy reporter Gail Weathers (Courtney Cox), the writer of an expose about the murder of Sidney's mother. Gail feels that Cotton Weary was wrongfully convicted, and now Gail is following up a story about the murder of Casey Becker; she feels the murders are connected.Tatum takes Sidney to her house, where she recieves another phone call from the killer, who tells her You got the wrong guy, Sidney...again. The next day at school, Sidney is threatened by the killer while she is in the bathroom, but she escapes.School is over and a curfew is in place, so the group of friends decide to throw a party. Gail Weathers takes a cameraman to the party in an attempt to talk to Sidney, but Dewey intercepts her. The two of them talk and seem to have a mutual affection for one another. They enter the party and Dewey chooses not to bust the partygoers for underage drinking. During the party Billy and Sidney go upstairs and Sidney has sex with him. Meanwhile, Tatum is murdered in the garage by the killer, who has infiltrated the party after all.After the interlude between Sidney and Billy, the door opens and in walks the killer, who stabs Billy in the back. Another chase starts. Dewey is stabbed. Gale, in her newsvan, swerves to avoid hitting Sidney and runs her car down a hill, striking a tree and appearing to be killed.Sidney ends up in the house facing Randy and Stu, both claiming the other is the killer. Stu is vying to come inside and obtain the gun, while Randy wants to leave. Eventually Billy stumbles down the stairs, bloodied, and lets Randy and Stu into the house, shooting Randy and turning to reveal that the blood is fake; Billy was only pretending to be stabbed. He was aided by his accomplice, Stu; both of them are the killers. Billy also reveals that he was responsible for killing Sidney's mother, who had an affair with his father. Billy blamed Mrs. Prescott for the dissolution of his parents' marriage, and murdered Mrs. Prescott out of revenge. Billy and Stu also reveal that they have kidnapped Mr. Prescott, who is tied up in a closet. They have framed Mr. Prescott for the murders, and intend to wound themselves to make it look as if Mr. Prescott attacked them, at which point they will kill both him and Sidney.Billy and Stu inflict flesh wounds on one another with the knife, but they are interrupted by Gail Weathers, who returns, armed with Dewey's gun. Gail forgets to switch off the gun's safety, and a struggle ensues. Sidney strikes back at her tormenters, killing Stu with a television and shooting Billy in the head with the gun. Dewey is revealed to be alive, as is Randy. All ends well as Gale reports that the Macher house has been the scene of what seemed to be some real-life scary movie.
tags: comedy,  mystery,  murder,  stupid,  cult,  revenge,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  satire,  suspenseful,  entertaining,  prank, 

title: The Faculty
synopsis: One evening at Herrington High School in Ohio (home of the Hornets), several teachers and Principal Drake leave after discussing the school's budget. When Drake returns to retrieve her keys, Coach Willis becomes increasingly erratic and stabs a pencil through Drake's hand when she attempts to leave. Drama teacher Mrs. Olsen emotionlessly stabs Valerie with scissors as Drake flees the school.
The following morning, the students arrive, including Casey Connor, the dedicated but perpetually harassed photographer for the school newspaper. Connor is the unappreciated assistant to spiteful Delilah Profitt, the paper's editor-in-chief and head cheerleader. Delilah's mistreated boyfriend Stan Rosado is contemplating quitting the football team to pursue academics. Zeke Tyler is an intelligent yet rebellious student repeating his senior year. Tyler sells, among other illegal items, a powdery ecstasy-like drug he manufactures and distributes; he is confronted by Miss Elizabeth Burke, who expresses concern for him over his illegal activities. Naive transfer student Marybeth Louise Hutchinson, befriends self-styled outcast Stokely Mitchell. Delilah has spread rumors that Stokely is a lesbian though she has a crush on Stan. Marybeth develops a crush on Zeke.
Casey notices a strange creature and takes it to science teacher Mr. Furlong, who believes it is a new species of cephalopod-specific parasite called a mesozoan. Delilah and Casey hide in the teachers' lounge to find a story. They witness Coach Willis and Ms. Olsen force one of the creatures into the ear of school nurse Ms. Harper. They also find the body of Mrs. Brummel. Casey and Delilah flee, and Casey calls the police. Principal Drake claims nothing is wrong and that Casey is seeking attention.
The next day, Casey tells Delilah, Stan and Stokely he believes the teachers are being controlled by aliens. After Zeke and Marybeth tease them about their theory, Mr. Furlong confronts them. Furlong suddenly becomes defensive and attempts to infect them. Zeke cuts off Furlong's fingers and injects his homemade drugs into Furlong's eye, apparently killing him. Zeke takes the five to his house, where he experiments on Casey's specimen. He discovers it needs water to survive and can be killed by his drugs. Zeke makes everyone take his drug to prove they are uninfected humans. Delilah is revealed as infected, and she destroys Zeke's lab and most of his drug supply before escaping.
Acting on Stokely's speculation that killing the alien queen will revert everyone to normal, the group returns to the school, where their football team is playing and infecting opposing players. Believing Principal Drake to be the queen, they isolate her in the gym and fatally shoot her. Stan confronts the coach and team to see if it worked but becomes infected. Zeke and Casey retrieve more of Zeke's drugs from his car. Casey leads infected students away from Zeke, who encounters Miss Burke in the parking lot and seemingly kills her while escaping.
At the gym, Stokely becomes suspicious of Marybeth during a conversation about pretending to be what one is not. Marybeth subsequently reveals herself to be the alien queen. Earlier on, she faked taking the drug. Casey and Stokely flee to the swimming pool, where Stokely is injured and becomes infected. Zeke and Casey hide in the locker room, where Marybeth reverts to her human disguise. She explains she is taking over Earth because her own planet is dying. Marybeth transforms back into her true form and hurls Zeke across the room into the lockers, knocking him out. Casey seizes the drug and tricks the queen into following him into the retracting bleachers, trapping her. Casey stabs the drug into the queen's eye. The queen infects Casey with her dying breath, but Casey almost immediately returns to normal upon her death. Casey returns to the locker room and finds Stokely and Zeke alive.
One month later, everyone has returned to normal. Stan and Stokely begin dating, and Zeke takes Stan's place on the football team (while Miss Burke affectionately watches him practice). Mr. Furlong has miraculously survived the attack, now sporting an eyepatch and bandages on his hand. Casey begins dating Delilah and is considered a local hero.
tags: mystery,  violence,  cult,  horror,  flashback,  satire,  suspenseful,  entertaining, 

title: V/H/S
synopsis: The film is presented as an anthology of short horror films, built into a frame narrative which acts as its own short horror film. Each short film is linked together with the concept of found footage (each segment is from the VHS tapes found in the room).
=== Tape 56/frame narrative ===
Directed by Adam Wingard
The frame narrative focuses on a criminal gang who film their exploits, which include smashing the walls and windows of an abandoned house and sexually assaulting a woman in a parking lot. An anonymous source offers them a large sum of money to break into a house and steal a single VHS videotape. The gang is eager to expand their criminal enterprises, and accept the task.
Entering the house, the criminals find an old man sitting dead in front of several television sets playing white noise. Feeling free to roam the house, they discover hundreds of unmarked VHS tapes, and set about collecting them all to ensure that they retrieve the right one. One of the criminals stays behind in the TV room with the dead body to watch the Amateur Night tape left in the VCR. The contents of this tape and the four subsequent ones comprise the bulk of the film, with the action cutting back to the criminals' efforts between each short. As the frame narrative progresses, the gang encounters a strange figure moving around the basement, which appears to be the old man. Glimpses of the TV room demonstrate that, unknown to the criminals, the man's body disappears at one point only to reappear in the exact position. Similarly, the criminals return to the TV room to find that the first viewer has disappeared, prompting another of the criminals to continue watching the tapes himself. After the The Sick Thing that happened to Emily when she was Younger segment ends, the gang's leader returns to the TV room to discover that he is the only person left, and that the old man's body is gone.
Searching the rooms upstairs, he finds the decapitated remains of one of the criminals, and is subsequently attacked by the old man, who is now a zombie. The leader flees downstairs, where he falls and is killed by the other figure seen walking around the basement, which seems to be a monster. The frame narrative ends with the camera left in the TV room picking up the sound of the VCR starting the 10/31/98 tape by itself.
=== Amateur Night ===
Directed by David Bruckner
Shane, Patrick, and Clint are three friends who have rented a motel room to fulfill Shane's intent of bringing women back for sex; Clint's glasses have been outfitted with a hidden camera that will allow them to turn their planned encounter into an amateur porn video. While the three men are bar-hopping, Clint encounters a mysterious young woman, Lily, who acts aloof and says little other than I like you.
In addition to picking up Lily, the men also succeed in convincing another young woman, Lisa, to return to their motel with them. Lisa passes out as Shane attempts to initiate sex and Patrick, laughing, discourages him from continuing. Lily continues awkwardly coming on to Clint, but a dejected Shane comes on to Lily instead, oblivious to the scales visible on her feet as he undresses her. Lily appears responsive, pushing Shane onto his back and then beginning to undress Clint, seemingly beginning a threesome. Overwhelmed, Clint goes to the bathroom; Patrick disrobes and attempts to take Clint's place, but Lily has made it clear that she dislikes Patrick.
Moments later, Patrick bursts into the bathroom claiming Lily bit him. When they approach Shane, Lily sprouts fangs, attacks and kills him. Clint and Patrick hide in the bathroom until Patrick, still nude, arms himself with a shower curtain rod and returns to the room. Clint tries to wake Lisa and Patrick attempts to fight Lily but she subdues him, drinks his blood and rips off his genitals. Clint escapes, but ends up falling down a stairwell and breaks his wrist in the process. Lily catches up to Clint, but instead of attacking, she attempts fellatio. Finding Clint unaroused, she crawls over to a corner and cries softly, which gets louder, then turns into a horrific growl. Clint flees, begging bystanders for help, but he is suddenly lifted into the sky by Lily, who has transformed into a winged creature. This reveals that she's a succubus, who was on the hunt. The glasses fall off Clint's face and hit the ground before the video cuts out.
=== Second Honeymoon ===
Directed by Ti West
A married couple, Sam and Stephanie, travel to Arizona for their second honeymoon. They visit a Wild West-themed attraction where Stephanie receives a prediction from a mechanical fortune teller, which claims that she will soon be reunited with a loved one. That evening (off camera), a woman comes to Sam and Stephanie's motel room and awkwardly tries to convince Sam to give her a ride the next day. In the middle of the night, while the couple are asleep, someone breaks into the room, turns on the camcorder and films touching Stephanie's buttocks with a switchblade. The intruder then steals $100 from Sam's wallet and dips his toothbrush in the toilet. The next day, on their way to visit the Grand Canyon, Sam notices the missing money and accuses Stephanie of taking it, but she assumes he is joking. That night, someone enters the room again and stabs Sam in the neck with their switchblade, filming him as he chokes on his own blood and dies. The camera then shows the killer, the woman from earlier, cleaning the blade while she and Stephanie kiss passionately. The recording cuts to Stephanie asking her lover if she has erased the footage.
=== Tuesday the 17th ===
Directed by Glenn McQuaid
Three friends—Joey, Spider, and Samantha—accompany their new friend, Wendy, on a camping trip. Joey films the group as Wendy leads them through the woods, occasionally mentioning 'accidents' that took the lives of her friends. When scanning certain areas, images of mutilated bodies appear in the film. Wendy then tells them that a murderer killed her friends during a camping trip here the previous year, but the group laughs it off as a joke. Spider and Samantha leave the group and are killed by a human-like figure with a red head obscured in tracking errors (identified in the credits as The Glitch).
At the lake, Wendy tells Joey she lured all three of them to the grounds to use as bait so she can find and kill the mysterious force. Wendy reveals that she had been to this lake before where a killer had slaughtered all her friends and she was the only survivor. She notes that the police did not believe her when she said the killer could be in two places at once. The entity walks up behind Joey and slits his throat.
Wendy runs away, luring the figure into two easily escaped booby traps and is cut by it in the second one. She films the entity close up, but it continues to be obscured by the tracking error. Wendy continues to run through the woods, she finds Joey in his death throes. After he dies, the figure approaches Wendy and a final trap impales it. Wendy gloats at it and walks away but when she turns around, it is gone; it reappears in a tree and jumps down, beats her with the camera, then kills her, subsequently eviscerating her, then inhabiting her body.
=== The Sick Thing That Happened to Emily When She Was Younger ===
Directed by Joe Swanberg
This segment is shown through computer video chats. Emily talks to her boyfriend James, a trainee doctor, about a strange bump on her arm and how it reminds her of an accident she had when she was younger. After witnessing a small, childlike entity rush into her room and slam the door shut, Emily believes her apartment is haunted. Her landlord claims that no children have ever lived in the apartment, but Emily is unconvinced. During her next video chat with James, an increasingly frantic Emily digs into her arm with a scalpel to find out what the bump is, but James urges her to stop before the wound becomes infected.
Emily attempts to contact the being, but it knocks her out. James quickly appears in her apartment and surgically removes an alien fetus from Emily's torso. Aliens are using Emily as an incubator for alien/human hybrids, and James has been working for them and removing the fetuses for some time. The aliens erase Emily's memory, and James mentions that the arm bump is a tracking device. In their next chat, a badly injured Emily believes she sustained her injuries after wandering into traffic in a fugue state. She reveals that the doctor James recommended has diagnosed her as schizoaffective, and tearfully says that James deserves a better, more normal girlfriend. He assures Emily that she is the only person he wants to be with, but once their chat ends he begins a new chat with a different woman who has the same bump on her arm and also believes James is her boyfriend, showing that the aliens are using more than one person as an incubator.
=== 10/31/98 ===
Written and directed by Radio Silence (Matt Bettinelli-Olpin, Tyler Gillett, Justin Martinez & Chad Villella)
It's Halloween 1998. Chad, Matt, Tyler, and Paul (dressed in Halloween costumes as the Unabomber, a pirate, a teddy bear implanted with a nanny cam, and a Marine, respectively) head out to a Halloween party at a friend's house, only to end up at the wrong place. Sneaking inside, they begin to experience paranormal phenomena and decide they are at a haunted house and have fun with it. In the attic they find several men gathered around a young woman whom they've suspended from the rafters, apparently performing an exorcism. The men are chanting cast you down, and the boys exuberantly join in, cast him down. One of the men reacts angrily to their presence and physically assaults the young woman. More violent, overtly threatening paranormal phenomena then begin to occur and the boys initially flee before realizing they should try to rescue the girl. Returning to the attic, the boys work to untie her and get her to safety, as the house itself comes to life with poltergeist phenomena and ghostly arms rising from the walls and the floors to claim the lives of the woman's captors.
Exiting through the basement, the boys pile into their car with the girl and drive away. The car abruptly stops and the girl disappears, reappearing in the street before them and walking away amid a flock of birds before they realize that they've stopped on train tracks. The boys attempt to get out of the car as the train approaches, but the doors are locked. The screen starts to flicker with static and the train smashes into the car off-camera, presumably killing all inside.
During the end credits, clips from Tape 56 are shown.
=== Alternative Ending To 10/31/98 ===
A joke ending was shot in one-take by Radio Silence in which the doors are unlocked and the boys get out just before the train smashes into their car. The boys walk away and talk about how much fun they had and what a crazy night it was as the train hits the car and it explodes behind them.
tags: paranormal,  violence,  horror,  murder,  prank, 

title: Frankenweenie
synopsis: Young filmmaker and scientist Victor Frankenstein (Charlie Tahan) lives with his parents, Edward (Martin Short) and Susan Frankenstein (Catherine O'Hara), and his beloved Bull Terrier dog, Sparky, in the quiet town of New Holland. Victor's intelligence is recognized by his classmates at school, his somber next-door neighbor, Elsa Van Helsing (Winona Ryder), mischievous, Igor-like Edgar E Gore (Atticus Shaffer), obese and gullible Bob (Robert Capron), overconfident Toshiaki (James Hiroyuki Liao), creepy Nassor, and an eccentric girl nicknamed Weird Girl, but communicates little with them due to his relationship with his dog. Concerned with his son's isolation, Victor's father encourages him to take up baseball and make achievements outside of science. Victor hits a home run at his first game, but Sparky, pursuing the ball, is struck by a car and killed.
Inspired by his science teacher Mr. Rzykruski's (Martin Landau) demonstration of the effect of electricity on dead frogs, a depressed Victor digs up Sparky's corpse, brings him to his makeshift laboratory in the attic and successfully reanimates him with lightning. Seeing Weird Girl's living cat, Mr. Whiskers, the undead Sparky escapes from the attic and explores the neighborhood. He is recognized by Edgar, who blackmails Victor into teaching him how to raise the dead. The two reanimate a dead goldfish, which turns invisible due to an error with the experiment. Edgar brags about the undead fish to Toshiaki and Bob, which, in panic of losing the upcoming science fair, inspires them to make a rocket out of soda bottles, which causes Bob to break his arm and Mr. Rzykruski to be blamed and fired due to his accused influencing and reviling the townsfolk for questioning his methods when he steps up for self-defense. So, the gym teacher replaces Mr. Rzykruski.
Eventually, Edgar's fish disappears when he tries to show it to a skeptical Nassor (who was told by Toshiaki), and when Edgar is confronted by Toshiaki, Nassor and Bob on the baseball field at school, he accidentally reveals Victor's actions, inspiring them to try reanimation themselves. Victor's parents discover Sparky in the attic and are frightened, causing the dog to flee. Victor and his parents search for Sparky while the classmates invade the lab, discovering Victor's reanimation formula. The classmates separately perform their experiments, which go awry and turn the dead animals into monsters — Mr. Whiskers holds a dead bat while it is electrocuted, resulting in him fusing with it and becoming a monstrous bat-cat with wings and fangs. Edgar turns a dead rat he found in the garbage into a wererat, Nassor revives his mummified hamster Colossus and Toshiaki's turtle Shelley is covered in Miracle Gro and turns into a giant Gamera-like monster. Bob's Sea-Monkeys grow into amphibious humanoids. The monsters break loose into the town fair where they wreak havoc.
After finding Sparky at the town's pet cemetery, Victor sees the monsters heading to the fair and goes with his classmates to help deal with them — the Sea-Monkeys explode after eating salt-covered popcorn, and Colossus is stepped on by Shelley, while the rat and Shelley are returned to their original, deceased forms after both being electrocuted. During the chaos, Persephone, Elsa's pet poodle, is grabbed by Mr. Whiskers and carried to the town windmill with Elsa and Victor chasing after. The townsfolk blame Sparky for Elsa's disappearance and chase him to the windmill, which Mayor Burgermeister accidentally ignites with his torch. Victor and Sparky enter the burning windmill and rescue Elsa and Persephone, but Victor is trapped inside. Sparky rescues Victor, only to be dragged back inside by Mr. Whiskers. A final confrontation ensues, and just as Mr. Whiskers has Sparky cornered, a flaming piece of wood breaks off and impales Mr. Whiskers, killing him. The windmill then collapses on Sparky, killing him again. To reward him for his bravery and saving Victor, the townsfolk gather to revive Sparky with their car batteries, reanimating him once more. Persephone, who has a hairstyle similar to Elsa Lanchester's Bride of Frankenstein, comes to Sparky as the two dogs share their love and kiss.
tags: cute,  horror,  boring,  home movie, 

title: A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors
synopsis: The story begins with a young girl, Kristen Parker, creating a papier Mache model of 1428 Elm Street. The house, originally inhabited by Nancy and Jesse from the preceding Nightmare on Elm Street movies has been haunting her dreams. As she works Kristen blasts loud music, eats coffee from the jar and swigs Cola in an attempt to stay awake.Kristen's mother bursts in, annoyed that her daughter is still awake and reveals that Kristen has been seeing a therapist for her nightmares. Mum is accompanied by a guy she has met and is in a hurry to return to him. She tucks Kristen in and goes downstairs leaving Kristen to fall asleep.Kristen awakes in her dream, to find her bed is in front of the Elm street house. Children play outside, singing the infamous Freddy rhyme as they jump rope. A little girl on a red tricycle waits on the porch of the house as Kristen approaches cautiously. Kristen speaks to the little girl. We hear Freddy's blades scrape and the little girl turns and rides inside. Kristen follows her, pleading with her not to go in to the house.This is where he takes us! the little girl announces as a boiler bursts into life. Freddy's Home!! Kristen grabs the girl and rushes towards the door, becoming trapped as the floor melts. Freddy chases her as she runs round the corner into hanging bodies. Put me down, you're hurting me! the little girl asks. Kristen looks down to see that she is clutching a dead and rotting body. She screams and wakes in her bed.Kristen goes to the bathroom, unsettled by her nightmare. She goes to turn on the tap but it turns into a hand, grapping her and holding her in place, before she sees the image of Freddy Krueger appear in the mirror. The second tap also turns into a hand, with tiny blades at the end, like Freddy's claw. Freddy slices across Kristen's wrist, her screams finally bringing her mum. As Kristen's mum bursts into the bathroom Kristen wakes properly to find herself clutching a razorblade, blood oozing from her wrist and passes out.The next scene takes us to Weston Hills psychiatric hospital. Max, the orderly and Dr. Gordon discuss a rash of teen suicides which have swept the area. They meet Taryn, a girl not sleeping, and Jennifer, a girl who has been self-harming, putting cigarettes out on her arms. He looks in on another boy in solitary for his violent outbursts. Dr Simms approaches and they talk about a new member of staff who has just left grad school, but has been making lots of progress with pattern nightmares. Dr. Gordon is not keen on someone using his kids to further their own career.At that moment an emergency message asks for both doctors to go to the examination rooms. Screaming can be heard as Elaine Parker discusses with a nurse her daughters attention seeking behaviour. As the doctors enter the room we see Kristen fighting and screaming hysterically as doctors try to sedate her. She grabs a scalpel begins to recite the rhyme: 1, 2 Freddy's coming for you, 3, 4 Better lock you door, 5, 6, Grab your crucifix, 7, 8 Better stay up late, 9, 10.... Never go to sleep again. She can't bring herself to speak the last line. Someone completes the last line, Never sleep again and everyone turns to see Nancy standing in the doorway. Nancy walks in and calmly takes the scalpel from Kristen before pulling her into a hug.Nancy asks Dr. Gordon about the kids who all suffer from sleep disorders, including insomnia, narcolepsy and bed-wetting but all have nightmares in common. He believes they share a group delusion of a boogey man, which scares them so much they will do anything not to sleep. He elaborates with the story of a young boy who used razor blades to cut off his own eyelids to stop him sleeping. He praises her dealing with Kristen, and she reveals that she has had some experience with pattern nightmares. As she leaves, she drops her handbag and we see that Nancy is taking medication. He recommends she speak to Max and watches her leave. As he turns Dr. Gordon sees a nun dressed all in white who seems to then disappear.Max shows Nancy to an office she can use and introduces her to some of the patients. First is Phillip, nicknamed the Walker because he sleep walks and who makes puppets. He shares a room with Kincade, the boy who was in solitary. Max jokes that Nancy should memorize his face as Kincade spends so much time in solitary she won't see much of him. Another patient Joey leaves his room to help a young nurse pick up towels which has fallen from her trolley.Kristens mother, Elaine, and Nancy meet at their house to discuss her nightmares. Elaine is very dismissive, believing Kristen is just acting out and looking for attention. She tells Nancy she has packed a suitcase of Kristens belongings and directs Nancy to her room to get them. Nancy sees the model of her old house which Kristen had been working on.Dr. Gordon looks up Hypnocil, the medication he had seen in Nancy's bag, to find that the drug is used to treat night terrors. We return to Kristen who is in bed drawing the Elm Street house. As she begins to doze the door to her room creaks open and a red tricycle wheels in before melting on the floor. She edges out of the room and finds herself back in the house. A stale barbequed pig with an apple in its mouth is on the table and flies buzz around before it leaps out at her.Kristen explores, as a lump appears under the carpet and gashes in the walls. A huge snake with Freddy's face bursts out of the floor and begins to eat it's way up Kristen's body. She screams for Nancy and we see Nancy startled from her sleep. She looks at Kristen's model which she has taken home with her and hears Kristen scream again. Nancy passes out and falls through the chair to find herself in Kristen's dream. Nancy grabs a shard of broken mirror and stabs it into the eye of the snake, causing it to drop Kristen.YOU! Freddy hisses. Unable to believe it Nancy grabs Kristen and begs her to run. They hide behind a door and Nancy tells Kristen to get them back out. They disappear as Freddy crashes through the door and Nancy awakes, back in her chair, with a cut on her hand from the mirror.The next morning Nancy brings the model to Kristen, telling her it is where she used to live. She asks if she has ever pulled anyone into her dream the way she did. Kristen confides that when she was a child she would pull her Dad into her dreams if they were scary, allowing him to believe that they were his dreams instead. After her parents divorced it stopped and after a while Kristen thought she had simply imagined the whole thing. Kristen asks about the man in her dreams and Nancy assures her he is real.At group, Dr. Gordon tells the kids that it is straight talk only and then he and Dr. Simms introduce Nancy to the rest of the patients. Will Stanton is the first to introduce himself. He tells Nancy he had an accident, gesturing to the wheel chair he is sitting in. Taryn reveals though that he was injured in a suicide jump, not an accident. Kincade jumps to Wills defence and reveals that Taryn was a junkie, injecting into her arms. Jennifer Caulfield shares that she wants to be an actress on TV when she leaves the hospital. Jennifer goes on to introduce Joey who doesn't speak.Taryn White is the next to introduce herself. She admits she is going through some very strange shit with her dreams and that the hospital is a better alternative to Juvie hall. Phillip interrupts, to say that the doctors all believe their dreams are group psychosis, despite the fact they all dreamt about Freddy before they had met and as a result just seem to go around in circles. Dr. Simms tells him they will not make any progress until the teens can accept the dreams as By products of guilt; psychological scars stemming from moral conflicts and overt sexuality.Taryn, Will and Joey play dungeons and dragons until Max comes to tell them that it is lights out. After Max and Taryn leave it is revealed that the boys take shifts to sleep. Nancy and Neil Gordon are getting coffee. He asks about Nancy's parents. She says her mum Died in her sleep and that she and her father don't have a good relationship. She tells Neil that the teens are in real physical danger from their dreams and he asks her about the Hypnocil she has been taking. He seems shocked that Nancy wants him to prescribe the drug to the kids. She confides she used to be like them, and tells Neil that their survival depends on it but he refuses.One of Phillips puppets comes to life, morphing into a mini Krueger. Making it's way to Phillip's bed it turns into Freddy. Freddy cuts the veins in Phillip's arms and legs, creating puppet strings. Kincade sees Phillip being manipulated out of the room but thinking he is sleepwalking doesn't wake him. Freddy makes Phillip walk out of the ward and up the hospital tower. Joey sees Phillip standing at the edge of the ledge, waking Will and carrying him to the window. Joey tries to get help, banging a tray as he runs along the corridor to wake people. Will shouts from the window trying to wake Phillip. The group gathers to see Phillip fall to his death as Freddy cuts his strings.In group the next morning the kids are all upset. Kincade is annoyed, blaming Phillips death on his weakness. Dr Gordon tries to tell them that it was suicide, which the others do not believe. Taryn says it was murder. Dr Simms tells the teens that to prevent a reoccurrence all rooms will be locked at night and they will be sedated. This freaks Kincade out, and as he gets irate Dr Simms beeps for security and he is sent to isolation once more. He is dragged away and despite Nancy's protests Simms says she is going to begin sedation that night. Neil decides to prescribe Hypnocil, despite Simms reservations.Kincade is locked in the quiet room struggling to sleep. Jennifer is watching TV as research in the common room. Max tries to make her go back to her room but seeing she is upset allows her to stay so she doesn't sleep. Taryn has been showering and is accosted by an orderly who offers her, the keys to the dispensary. She says that she doesn't do that anymore and goes to her room. Jennifer finds a cigarette, lights it and then burns her hand to keep herself awake. She flicks through the channels, stopping on The Dick Cavett Show, which has Zsa Zsa Gabor as the guest. After a few minutes, Cavett suddenly turns into Freddy and attacks Gabor, after which the signal cuts out. Screams and the rhyme can be heard as Jennifer goes over to the TV. Arms burst out of the side of the television and grab Jennifer, before Freddy's head emerges from the top. Freddy shouts Welcome to Prime-Time, bitch! before fatally ramming Jennifer's head through the screen.Neil watches at her funeral from a distance. The nun he saw earlier approaches him and asks him about his faith. He tells her that he saw her before and asks if Sister Mary-Helena does volunteer work at the hospital. She says she does from time to time, When needed, and tells him that the only way to save the children is to put the unquiet spirit to rest. Nancy approaches and when he turns around the nun has disappeared.Neil and Nancy share a meal and he sees Nancy's Malaysian dream doll which s supposed to bring good dreams. He is worried about the kids and doesn't know what to do. He can't make sense of it. Nancy wonders if he is ready to hear the truth, telling him to put everything else aside and just trust her.In group, unofficially, Neil allows Nancy to tell the kids about Freddy. Although skeptical at first when she describes his dirty brown hat, his burnt face and the razors on his right hand they believe her. She tells them that the man is Freddy Krueger, a child murderer before he died and after something much worse. She shares the fact that six years ago he had killed her friends and almost killed her as revenge for his death. Their parents had burnt him alive after a mistake with a search warrant leading to his arrest caused all charges to be dropped and Krueger to go free.Although unable to believe it at first the kids do believe it. Nancy reveals Kristens gift and tells the others that she is the key but that they all have their own inner strengths they can harness in the dream world. Neil tells them they are going to try a little group hypnosis. He gets them to relax and follow a pendulum as Nancy tells Kristen to take them to the dream world.At first, little seems to have changed; they are in the same room and decide to take a break before trying again. Joey wanders out of the room, spotting the young nurse he helped previously. She tells him that she wanted to talk to him alone as she really likes him. She claims that she makes up excuses to come into the ward as he is soooo cute.Dr Gordon sets off a perpetual motion device and the ball bearings break away and float around the room, revealing that they are actually dreaming, despite initial appearances. Neil struggles to believe till Will stands up. In his dreams he can walk, and is The Wizard Master which he demonstrates by turning a ball bearing into a butterfly. Kristen is able to back flip and somersault in her dreams, Kincade is super strong, Taryn is beautiful and bad, but in the fill she looks the ugliest punk girl you could ever imagine!Joey is in the room with the nurse. She asks him to unzip her uniform, revealing she is topless underneath. Asking if he likes her body Joey nods enthusiastically. She pushes him back on the bed and kisses him, before biting his tongue and pulling it from his mouth. Tongues are used to bind Joeys wrists and ankles and the nurse is revealed to be Krueger. Feeling tongue-tied? he asks. The mattress disappears to reveal a hell pit.At this moment the others realize that Freddy is close and he has Joey. The room morphs into a boiler room, despite Kincades attempts to stop it. The screams alert Dr. Simms who is not happy. Joey is on the floor, seemingly in a coma. This is blamed on the Hypnocil Dr. Gordon has prescribed and both he and Nancy are suspended. As he clears out his stuff Neil looks at a photograph and is then distracted by Sister Mary-Helena in the tower. The door is locked but Neil breaks in and climbs the tower.The nun is at the top of the tower. She reveals that the room was once used to house the most dangerous, criminally insane patients at the hospital. The wing was closed in the forties after a young girl was locked in the wing over the holidays. The inmates kept her hidden for days, raping her hundreds of times. When she was found she was barely alive and was most unfortunately impregnated. The girl was Amanda Krueger, Freddy's mum. She tells Neil that the only way to stop Freddy is to find his remains and then bury them in hallowed ground.Nancy visits with Joey. She demands that Freddy releases him. The words Come and Get him Bitch appear carved on his chest. Nancy wants to go into the dream realm and fight Freddy but Neil tells her they have another option. She agrees to try and she tells him that only one man will know the whereabouts of the remains. Kristen fights against staff as it is revealed that Nancy has been suspended. She is taken to the quiet room and sedated for her outburst, screaming that Dr Simms is killing them!The man Nancy referred to is revealed to be her Dad. They meet him in a bar and he is clearly drunk and although initially pleased to see her when Nancy reveals the reason for the visit is less happy. He insists Nancy just needs to let it go because Krueger is dead. Despite Nancy's pleas he refuses to reveal where the bones are and dismisses her. Nancy is very upset.Taryn pages Dr Gordon, informing him that Kristen has been sedated and locked in the quiet room. He urges Nancy to go to the hospital and to convince Dr Simms what is happening is real. He tells her he will speak to her father and make him tell the location of Freddy's remains. He goes back into the bar, introduces himself and then throws Lt. Donald Thompson against the wall. Neil says that he cares if Nancy lives or dies even if her father doesn't and so they are going on a scavenger hunt.Neil drives them to a church, takes the keys and leaving Donald outside goes to get holy water and a crucifix. He is stopped by a priest and leaves his driving license in return for the things he needs, promising to return them. Nancy arrives at the hospital and Max prevents her from seeing Kristen but reluctantly agrees to let her see the others. She finds them in the TV room and takes them for a last group session. Neil and Nancy's dad pull up at The Penny Bros Auto Salvage yard, the hiding place of Freddy's remains. Going inside, Neil is directed to the heart of the place.Nancy tells Kincade, Will and Taryn that Joey and Kristen need them. She assures them nobody has to go in, warning them if they die in the dream world then they die for real. They all want in so urging them to stick together they imagine themselves in the quiet room with Kristen. When Nancy counts back from five they are there in the room with Kristen who is delighted to see them. Kristen says that Joey needs them. Nancy asks where he is and at that moment the padded walls are ripped to shreds by Freddy's claws. Terrified the group huddles in the centre of the room, padding showering them.As the padding clears, Kristen is back in her bedroom, working on the model house as she was the night of her suicide attempt. She is surprised as her mum bursts in, and the night repeats itself. She gives her mum a huge hug, telling her she has had a terrible dream. She asks her mum to stay with her but her mum has a guest. This time it turns out to be Freddy, who rips Elaine's head off and the decapitated head admonishes Kristen for her attention seeking behaviour. Freddy tries to stab Kristen but she uses her gymnastic skills to evade him. She jumps out the window but instead of landing outside finds herself in the Elm Street house, rolling down the stairs.Getting to her feet Kristen calls for Nancy. She is heard by Taryn who tries to find her, instead finding herself in an alley. A wall appears behind her, with Taryn and Freddy in a heart sprayed on it, trapping her. Taryn is shocked by Freddy who say's Welcome Home....Look familiar? Taryn uses flick knives to fight Freddy, stabbing him in the stomach. Freddy asks why they are fighting when they are old friends and holds his hands up to reveal syringes of blue liquid instead of blades. Taryn backs away, as the injection marks on her arm begin to suck. Freddy plunges both sets of syringes into Taryn, throwing her aside, dead. What a rush! he declares.Will finds himself in a long passage way. He calls out for the others, hearing Freddy laugh. He turns to find a wheelchair. Freddy invites him to sit, reminding him he will be back in it when he wakes up. The chair chases Will causing him to fall. He calls on his Wizard Master powers. Rising to his feet, Will shouts, In the name of Lowrek, Prince of Elves, demon begone and blasts Freddy with green light. He runs towards Freddy who grabs him. Saying he doesn't believe in fairy tales he plunges his blades into Wills chest, killing him too.Kristen continues her search for the others, finally finding Nancy. The wall to the room begins to break and Kincade is revealed, using his super strength to reunite them. They embrace and Kincade shouts for Freddy. A door to the boiler room appears behind them. Nancy leads the way down a spiral staircase to search for Freddy.Meanwhile, Neil and Donald finally reach the centre of the salvage yard. Donald directs Neil to a red caddy. After a struggle he opens the boot to reveal the remains of Fred Krueger rapped in a sack. Donald tries to escape but Neil has the keys and tells him he is going to attend a funeral, one that is long overdue. He throws him a spade.Nancy and the others reach the bottom of the staircase to find Joey suspended over a hell pit. Freddy appears and when Nancy tells him to let Joey go, he undoes the tongue bindings. Nancy reaches Joey just in time to stop him falling. Kristen attacks Freddy as Kincade pulls Nancy and Joey to safety. He strikes Freddy with a length of pipe and when Freddy grabs him by the throat Nancy drives a thin lead pipe through him. His shock quickly turns to a sinister smile and still holding Kincade by the throat he pulls it out, discarding it.Nancy can not believe how strong Freddy has become. He informs her that the souls of the children make him strong, pulling aside his jumper to reveal the faces of screaming children on his torso. Then he disappears.....causing Kincade to fall to the floor.In the real world at the salvage yard, Neil and Nancy's father have dug a grave. They stop when Neil hears noises and after Donald assures him that they are alone all the cars come to life, lights flashing, boots and doors flapping and horns blasting. Donald screams Bury the fucking thing! but as Neil approaches the remains the skeleton reanimates, taking swipes at him with his bladed hand. Donald stands, shocked. It's really you....I killed you once before you son of a bitch! Donald attacks, but ends up impaled on a spike of metal. Neil attempts to fight Freddy but is hit with the spade and knocked into the grave. Freddy begins to shovel dirt onto him, as he lies unconscious.Laughing, the skeleton collapses and Freddy returns to the dream realm. Nancy, Kristen, Kincade and Joey are walking along a corridor, papered in red and decorated with mirrors. A large mirror appears, blocking their path and then Freddy appears. He apologizes for keeping them waiting and says If only there was more of me to go around?! his image then appears, laughing in all of the mirrors. Joey backs into a corner, clearly scared. The Freddy's grab the others, dragging them into the mirrors. Joey stands and screams NO!! All the mirrors smash, freeing the others. They believe it to be over.Nancy's father appears, telling her he has crossed over but couldn't go without telling her that he was sorry for all the things he had done, and that he loves her. Nancy embraces her father then gasps as her father turns into Freddy and plunges his claws into her stomach. Die! he snarls as he pushes the blades in deeper. Neil finally awakens, semi buried in the grave.Kristen screams and Freddy causes the door behind her to close, separating her from Kincade and Joey. You're mine now, little piggy! He tosses Nancy aside and knocks Kristen to the floor. Holding his arm back, he is about to stab her when Nancy grabs him, forcing his blades into himself instead.Neil climbs out of the grave, kicks in the bones of Krueger and splashes them with holy water. As he does, rays of holy/spiritual light appear on Freddy's torso. Nancy is once more tossed aside, landing by Kristen. Neil continues to splash holy water, Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, I lay this spirit to rest. He places the crucifix on his head, causing Freddy to spin and explode in a ball of golden light, a cross of light on his forehead.Kristen sobs as Kincade breaks down the door. Kristen says she won't let Nancy die and will instead dream her into a beautiful dream. Kristen holds Nancy's dead body.Kincade, Joey, Kristen and Neil all attend Nancy's funeral, Neil with a sling on his arm. He turns to see the nun, Sister Mary-Helena walking through the graveyard. He follows her but before he can speak to her she disappears. he looks down at the grave he is standing on to see it is Amanda Kruegers and also bears the name Sister Mary-Helena, revealing the nun to be the ghost of Freddy Krueger's mother.Neil sleeps as the shot reveals that he is now in possession of the Malaysian dream doll and Kristens model of 1428 Elm Street. As he sleeps, the bedroom light in the model comes on.... hinting Freddy may be back after all!
tags: fantasy,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  insanity, 

title: I corpi presentano tracce di violenza carnale
synopsis: Over the opening credits a man is with two women, all of them nude and on a bed fooling around, while a camera is taking photographs. After the credits, a professor is speaking with his students, and Jane (Suzy Kendall) an American exchange student attending college in Rome, Italy speaks with the professor after class. Stefano (Roberto Bisacco) offer's Jane's friend, Dani (Tina Aumont), a ride home, but she turns him down. She later tells Jane and the man seem to be always following her.Later, Flo (Patricia Adiutori), another one of Jane's friends, is with Sean, making out in a parked car at an overpass. Sean sees someone wearing a ski mask watching them. Sean gets out of the car and runs after the person. Flo gets out of the car, turns on the headlights and looks for Sean. When the headlights are turned off, Flo heads back to the car where the man with the ski mask stabs her in the chest.The next day, Dani shows Carol (Cristina Airoldi) the news of Flo's death. Classes are canceled for the day and Jane goes to see Professor Franz (John Richardson). The two of them have a drink at a local bar and Franz invites Jane to a concert. Across town, Stefano picks up a prostitute, but seems reluctant to do anything with her. When she demands that Stefano pay, regardless of his actions, Stefano hits and chokes the woman. She leaves behind an unsettled Stefano.The next day, Dani watches Carol being taken away by two bikers. They gloved killer is driving around, passing Dani who looks right at the driver. At a hippy party, Carol is kissing the two men and smoking dope, but when one of them tries to further the interaction, she puts her joint out on his chest. Carol leaves and ends up in a marshy area. She sees the masked killer standing a short distance away in the fog and runs away, but the killer catches up with her and knocks her down to the ground. Carol is strangled with a scarf and her head is pushed underwater. When Carol is dead, the killer gets a knife and cuts into Carol's eyes.The next day, the police show the students of the art class the scarf that connects the two recent murders. Dani tells Jane that the two bikers who took Carol and that they had no scarfs. At her house, Dani gets a phone call in which the killer threatens her about her scarf knowledge. Dani's uncle comes home (Jane had seen the man earlier talking to Carol) and suggests that Dani go to the country house in Perugia for a few days to hide out and relax.Meanwhile, Inspector Martino interviews a vender and ask him if he remembers selling a scarf. The man denies any recollection, but after the inspector leaves, the vender gets on a pay phone can tells someone that he wants money to keep quiet about a transaction concerning the scarf in question. A little later, Stefano talks to Dani saying that she belongs to him. Dani remembers Stefano wearing the scarf. She gets away from Stefano, calls Jane and asks her to come over.After Dani tells Jane about Stefano, his scarf and the threatening phone call, Jane says she will be coming to the country house a little later then the rest of them. That evening, the scarf seller is walking at night with a healthy chunk of cash when he is chased down by a car and crushed against a wall. The killer then takes the cash that he had apparently given the vendor earlier.The next morning, Jane goes to see Stefano and after she lets herself into his house, she sees a doll (recalling the doll flashing in the killer's mind during the murders). A neighbor woman tells Jane that Stefano was not home last night and that he might be out of town.Meanwhile, Dani and her two friends, lesbian couple Ursula and Katia, are traveling by train to Perugia. A friendly doctor named Roberto (having occasionally been seen around the university in Rome) enters their compartment and sits by Dani. The three of them arrive in Perugia and draw some attention with their revealing modern clothing as they purchase goods at a local grocery store for the week they are at a villa over looking the town. That night, Jane arrives outside Perugia in her car at an Esso gas station to ask for directions to the villa and for her car to be worked on. The mechanic says that he cannot work on the car until tomorrow for the garage is closing for the night, so he gives Jane a ride in his car up to the house on the hill. At the house, Jane tells Dani that Stefano probably did not commit any murder. Dani remembers Stefano's scarf design was slightly different for the scarf he was wearing had red stripes on a black background, not the black stripes on a red background as described by the police, but she knows that she saw a man driving a car earlier wearing the scarf but cannot remember who it was.A weird guy from the village arrives at the villa and watches through a window as Ursula and Katia lie on a bed and making out with each other. The weirdo sees the killer with his knife, so he runs and hides, but the unseen killer finds him and finishes him off.The next day, a man comes to deliver some groceries. When Jane runs down the stairs to greet him, she slips and twists her ankle. Roberto visits the house to check on Jane's ankle and Dani remembers him from the train. With Jane disabled, the three other women walk to a spring behind the villa to skinny dip. While swimming, Dani think she sees Stefano and calls out to him, but Ursula and Katia do not see anyone. That evening, the women say goodnight to the bedridden Jane. Downstairs, Dani decides to call Stefano and discovers that the phone is dead. The door buzzes and Stefano is standing in the doorway with his scarf, but he drops dead to reveal the masked killer behind him (clutching onto Stefano's scarf). Dani and the other two women scream.The next morning, Jane awakes up, limps to the door and calls out to her friends. She slowly walks down the stairs and screams when she sees Ursula and Katia dead in the living room, having been stabbed multiple times. Dani appears and reaches out to Jane, but she falls to the floor also from being stabbed and left for dead, but she dies before she can tell Jane anything. When she sees the front door being unlocked, Jane hides. The unseen black-clad killer enters the living room and begins sawing Ursula's corpse with a saw as Jane cringes in her hiding spot behind a door from the sight and sounds of it. Just then, the delivery man arrives with his groceries and leaves when no one answers to his knocking on the front door. After the man leaves, the killer resumes sawing up Ursula, puts her disembodied remains in a plastic bag and walks out. Jane comes out of her hiding place and heads for the stairs, and freezes when the door is opened again but the killer is only throwing in the bread and milk delivery left behind. Finding the telephone dead and the front door locked, Jane goes upstairs, despite the intense pain from her sprained ankle, resting at the top and not realizing that her slippers have come off.Jane goes to her bedroom window and sees the town below. She tries to signal someone using her cosmetics mirror reflecting sunlight. Roberto, still in town, looks up at the house and sees the reflection of the sunlight. He checks a phone directory at a local payphone and calls, but receives no answer. Jane, seeing the killer coming back, quickly cleans up the bedroom and hides all her clothes and other stuff to give the appearance of no one being there. She sees that her slippers are gone and looks out the bedroom door and sees the killer sawing up the dead body of Katia. Just then, the gas station owner arrives with Jane's car and knocks on the front door. With the killer again freezing and Jane unable to make a sound out of fear of being discovered, the gas station man leaves. As Jane goes to the window to try to signal a warning, she knocks over a chair. The killer comes upstairs forcing Jane to hide behind a drawer. After looking around the room and finding no one or any belongings, the killer then locks the bedroom door, with Jane still inside and leaves the key in the door. The killer then finds Jane's slippers on the steps, but he instinctively picks them up and throws them onto a bathroom floor. Jane is now locked in her own room while the killer goes back downstairs to resume sawing up Katia and Dani's dead bodies and leaves with them to bury them in a field a short distance away. When he is finished with burying the bodies of Stefano, Ursula, Katia and Dani, the killer then cleans up the house, washing away the blood and leaves while Jane watches, but she is still locked in her bedroom.At night, the grocery man tries to convince a group of local men that there are four women at the house as opposed to three the men had seen arrive. The killer is nearby and overhears the men. At the same time, Roberto goes to the gas station to get fuel before driving away and sees Jane's car there. The gas station manager tells him that although no one answered the door when he went to drop off Jane's car earlier, he also says that he did not see any of the other women leave.Back at the house, Jane, still locked in her bedroom, slides a newspaper under the door and pushes the key through the keyhole. The key misses the paper, but the killer graciously places the key on the paper for her. When Jane retrieves the key and finally gets the door open, Franz grabs her. Both of them are surprised to see each other and Franz tells Jane that he had to do it, and that the women were only dolls.A flashback shows a young Franz with his brother and a girl, and his brother, wishing to see the girl in an intimate ways, goes for her doll at the edge of a cliff and falls to his death. This made Franz see women who bring nothing but bad things for men. Franz also tells Jane that Flo and Carol seduced him and blackmailed him (they were the three people in the beginning), and they he had to kill Dani because she would have eventually remembered him and his scarf. Franz says he never wanted to hurt Jane, but since she knows that he is the killer, he must kill her to keep his secret intact.Just as Franz begins to strangle Jane with the red and black scarf, Roberto arrives and he and the crazed professor struggle which leads out the front door and into a barn. The struggle leads to the edge of a cliff that the barn sits right beside. Jane stumbles outside and hears someone fall. She watches warily as Roberto returns to her claiming that Franz is dead and the two of them leave to get the police.
tags: murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  sadist,  flashback,  philosophical,  storytelling, 

title: Eraserhead
synopsis: The film starts with a man named Henry Spencer (Jack Nance) hovering in space. His brain, represented by a rocky planet visible through his head, hovers behind him. In Henry's brain there is a Man in the Planet (Jack Fisk) who pulls levers to control Henry's functions which represents his central nervous system. This scene is going to represent Henry having sexual intercourse with a woman named Mary X (Charlotte Stewart). Henry's mouth opens and a spermatozoon slides its way out, then rests erect at Henry's side. The Man in the Planet pulls several levers and launches the sperm into a water hole which represents the vagina of Mary X. Some time passes and a creature is born in the depths and rises to the surface.The next scene starts with Henry looking at the camera. He then proceeds to walk home to his apartment through a slum in an industrial wasteland. When he gets to the lobby, he checks the mail and finds there is none. He then takes the elevator up to his apartment. Before he gets inside, the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall (Judith Anna Roberts) informs him that Mary X called and invited him to dinner. While in the apartment, Henry puts on music from a record player, takes off his shoes and puts his socks on the radiator since they were wet from stepping in a puddle while walking home. While sitting on his bed, he then stares at the radiator which represents thoughts of suicide. We see that there are electrical wires around the radiator. He glances at the only window in his one-room apartment which only has a view of a brick wall of another building across the alleyway, symbolizing his claustrophobic, prison-like setting. In the background is a small picture of a mushroom cloud which shows the setting to be a post-apocalyptic future. He then throws a stone in a pot of water in his dresser which is meant to be a superstitious gesture, and looks at a torn picture of Mary.That evening after dark, Henry walks over to Mary's house to meet her family and have dinner. Before he goes in, they mention Henry and Mary's strained relationship. While Henry is talking with Mrs. X (Jeanne Bates), it's revealed that Henry works as printer at LaPell's Factory, but is on vacation. Henry meeting the family is portrayed as very awkward throughout the scene. The family attempt to eat the artificial chickens and salad but everything goes wrong when the chickens start twitching and bleeding when Henry tries to carve them. After dinner, Mrs. X interrogates Henry about whether or not he had pre-marital sexual intercourse with Mary. He confirms that they did and it's revealed that Mary had a deformed, premature baby. Mrs. X orders that they must get married as soon as possible and pick up the baby from the hospital.The next scene cuts to sometime later after they get married and get the mutated, alien baby home. Henry arrives, checks the mail to find a worm in a stylish black box. Henry hides this from Mary first in his pocket and later in a cupboard next to the bed. He gets home and contemplates suicide again, this time more seriously.During the night, as Henry and Mary sleep, the baby cries continually. The sounds of a raging thunderstorm appear from outside as well as sounds of more factory machinery and rumblings of a freight train are heard. Mary can't stand it and tells Henry that she is going back home, leaving Henry to deal with the baby.The Beautiful Girl Across the Hall is seen returning to her apartment in a disheveled state after an apparently bad date. (It is implied that she may be a prostitute).Over the next few days, Henry has trouble sleeping and hears the baby stop crying. He gets out of bed to check its temperature and after the temperature reads fine he looks back at the baby seeing that it is covered in sores and apparently sick. After he sets up a vaporizer, the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall comes over and seduces him and they literally melt into the bed. The Girl sees the mutated baby nearby crying.The lady in the radiator (Laurel Near) appears again on a stage singing in Heaven everything is fine while mutated worms (symbolizing sperm) fall from the ceiling and she steps on them. Henry goes on stage and a dead tree in some dirt is wheeled out which makes him appear uneasy and he steps to the side of the stage where he acts agitated. As he plays with a railing staring off into space, his head pops off and the crying mutated baby takes its place. His head forms a pool of blood and eventually falls into it, re-appearing out of the sky and landing in an alley in the industrial wasteland. A little boy (Thomas Coulson) sees the head and takes it to an eraser factory where his head is made into erasers. Henry then apparently wakes up from the nightmare.Upon waking up Henry hears something outside his apartment. He then sees the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall being intimate with a man named Mr. Roundheels. When he gets back inside his apartment, the baby makes strange cackling sounds as though it's laughing at Henry. Henry, apparently agitated moves over to the baby and begins to cut off the bandages covering its body causing the baby to breathe heavily. To Henry's horror, the baby's body splits open as it was either too fragile or Henry had cut into it. Henry decides to stab into the baby's heart with the scissors and collapses on the other side of the room. The baby's innards flow over the electrical wires which then produce sparks and short-circuit the lights. He sees the baby's head hovering about on a now very long neck, as the lights flicker in and out the baby's head becomes gigantic and it engulfs the camera.The man in the planet is seen pulling a lever and apparently being electrocuted. In the final shot, we see Henry standing in some kinds of white afterlife and embrace the woman in the radiator.================================================================================Alternate synopsis and possible reason for the weirdness:It is an alternate world in the early 1970's. The United States was attacked by either the Japanese or Russians in the late 1940's or early 1950's; the Japanese having revenge for what we did in World War 2 or the Russians fulfilling our Cold War paranoia. As a result, over 95% of the population was wiped out. Little or no attempt was made to rebuild America and technology was halted to a standstill. The reason that all electricity seems to be run on steam generators and factories are self-running. Henry lives in a 40's era apartment with a 1978 record player and iron frame bed. And the X home looks like a relic of that era as well.Enter a small industrial town on the outskirts of Philadelphia or a small town in Pennsylvania in the early 1970's. The population of the town is probably no more than 100 people. Henry Spencer was a child when the atomic war happened. As a result of radiation poisoning and the trauma of the attack, he was socially awkward, prone to frequent hallucinations and fantasy worlds, and with autistic traits. The X family has many forms of mental illness. Mr. X is manic depressive/bipolar, Mrs. X is schizophrenic, Mary with epileptic fits and clinical depression, and Mrs. X's mother with dementia that became catatonia.Because nearly all animal life was wiped out, nearly all food is synthetic or genetically modified.As for the baby, 20 plus years of radiation poisoning had modified Mary's reproductive system. Bringing a child into the world has been discouraged for the past 20 years.The lady in the radiator, man in the planet, and his head being made into erasers are all illusions Henry has for his miserable existence. At the end, he kills the baby, then presumably kills himself, but to him, it appeared the baby ate him and he ended up in heaven with the woman of his dreams.
tags: comedy,  avant garde,  mystery,  dark,  boring,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  sci-fi, 

title: Christine
synopsis: It's 1958 in Detroit. We are inside a car factory where numerous Plymouth Fury's are being assembled. Among the rather plain-colored vehicles, one of them stands out: a bright-red one. During the process, this particular red car is being fussed about by one factory worker who has his hand injured when the vehicle's hood comes down on it. Another factory worker takes a seat inside the vehicle; he will be found dead afterwords.Present day, September 16, 1978 in Northern California. Arnie Cunningham (Keith Gordon) is a meek teenager who spends his weekends playing Scrabble with his parents (Christine Belford and Richard Darnell), who still treat him as a child. Arnie and his best friend Dennis Guilder (John Stockwell) are going to their school, as usual. Arnie is clumsy, and his black-rimmed glasses characterize him as being nerdy. Dennis is a football player, who still befriends Arnie and tries to stand up for him.During shop class, Arnie is bullied by several students led by Buddy Repperton (William Ostrander). Dennis tries to stop the bullies, but he can't be all the time checking on weak Arnie. Today, Buddy stamps on Arnie's sack-lunch and also breaks his glasses. When both Arnie and Dennis tell the shop teacher that Buddy had a switchblade in his possession when he teased Arnie, it looks that the only consequence will be bad for Arnie, as Boddy announces he will take his own back pretty soon.Arnie and Dennis start their way back to their homes. Arnie notices a used Plymouth Fury with a placard announcing SOLD. Supposedly, this is the same vehicle that we saw on the Detroit assembly line... only now it's dirty, gritty, broken, with pieces peeling off or falling apart. In spite of everything, Arnie falls in love with this car. He immediately wants to buy it. The owner, George LeBay, tells the story of the car: he inherited it from his dead brother, Roland. The current owner also tells Arnie that the car has a name: Christine.Arnie drives Dennis home in his new car. Once at home, Arnie's overprotective parents angrily start pestering him for having spent his money on a car without consulting them, and especially one in Christine's wrecked condition. Arnie angrily shouts back that throughout his life, they haven't allowed him to have something he truly wants, and that he is dead-set on keeping Christine. However, his parents refuse to have it parked in their driveway. Arnie decides to take it to a local junkyard garage run by an irritable middle-aged man named Will Darnell (Robert Prosky) for storage.Over the next several weeks, Arnie begins working on Christine whenever he has a bit of free time after school. He also starts to help Mr. Darnell around his garage. This was the first time when Arnie stood up to his parents. However, it's not only about being against parental control. Dennis also notices a subtle change in Arnie, as he seems to be more assertive. Weirdly enough, Arnie has stopped using his eye glasses.During a football game, Dennis is shocked to see Arnie arrive in Christine, now fully-restored into a shining beautiful red car, but also along for the ride is the new student, Leigh Cabot (Alexandra Paul). The sight of the two of them together causes Dennis to make a mistake on the field as he's tackled hard. This puts an end to Dennis' football career - and to his ambitions for the future-, so he ends up recuperating in hospital, surrounded by medical paraphernalia.Meanwhile, Arnie continues to date Leigh. One night, he takes her to see a film at the drive-in; and there, Leigh confesses to Arnie that she thinks he's moving too fast in their relationship. She also claims she feels unsettled when she is around Christine. During the movie, one of Christine's windshield wipers becomes stuck, and Arnie gets out to fix it. As he does so, Leigh chokes on a hamburger and immediately, the door latches lock themselves! Arnie tries to get back into the car unsuccessfully. Basically, Leigh has to save herself when she manages to unlock the passenger door, and a nearby viewer who saw her struggling performs the Heimlich maneuver on her.Arnie then drives Leigh home. At her doorstep, she tells him that she won't go anywhere in Christine again. There are weird things about the car, she says, like when only old songs can be reached through the radio aerial, but none of the local radio stations can be heard. Arnie then returns Christine to Darnell's garage.After Arnie's departure, Buddy Repperton and his thugs arrive, and they proceed to systematically destroy the car. Arnie sees the wreck done to Christine the following day and is shocked that all the work he had put into restoring the car has evaporated.Arnie suspects that Leigh was somehow responsible for the wreck. He is getting into trouble as home as well, as his temper is radically changed. His parents notice the acute change in him and they comment that they want the old Arnie to come back. The long Scrabble nights are over, and Arnie has one big row with his father. But more and more, Arnie can only think of one matter: he wants to restore Christine to its full beauty again.Next day, first thing he does is going to the salvage garage to re-start work on Christine. Determined, he looks for his tools. Turning his back on Christine, he hears the crinkling of metal behind him. Arnie looks at Christine startled, and he realizes that, part of her engine is now repaired as if by magic. Arnie doesn't look startled anymore, and he encourages Christine to restore herself in front of him. The car flicks her headlights on, and obediently, there is suddenly mayhem: pieces are moving to their original position, the hood dusts itself off, the aerial strengthens up, buttons and seats start mending themselves and end up being shiny as brand new. The living malevolent car has the power to regenerate.A more-determined Arnie goes back to high school life. Nobody dares to touch him now. At night, Christine comes to life by herself and she seeks out and gruesomely kills each gang member who took part in destroying her. He runs after them. Eventually, Christine arrives at a gas station, spilling gasoline, setting it on fire so that the building becomes debris and ashes. Christine catches fire herself, but that doesn't stop her, as she still goes after Buddy. He tries to run away the scene, terrified because he has seen an unexplainable thing happened. The following morning, Chrisitne becomes the quiet, shiny, brand-new red car of the cover painting.Christine also kills grumply Will Darnell, by the slow method of crushing him in the front seat against the steering wheel. Christine has to deform herself in order to do this, but the following morning, she is in perfect condition.Some weeks later in December, Dennis catches Leigh in high school between classes and he talks to her about Arnie and his car. Dennis and Arnie are not best pals anymore, and Leigh had realised that, in spite of not having broken up verbally with Arnie, there is no place in his life for her. Holidays approach, and New Year's Eve is close. Dennis and Leigh talk about the supernatural element in Christine, knowing that they can only talk to each other about that, as nobody else would believe them. They know they will have to kill Christine.Dennis decides to call on his old buddy at his home, but Leigh advises him to take caution. After she leaves, it's Arnie who calls on Dennis instead. Arnie arrives in Christine and invites Dennis over. Arnie drives Dennis to the former's. Dennis realises about Arnie's dazzled eyes, even before Arnie starts doing things he would have never done before, during his nerd phase: he drinks beer in Homer Simpson-quantities, he terrorizes other drivers and even copies the without-hands motorbike stunt. Dennis watches how Christine's mile counter moves backwards, having less miles instead of more. Arnie tires to explain to Dennis how wonderful, strong and fulfilled he feels when he is driving Christine; Arnie's words increasingly become those of a starry-eyed lover.When Dennis leaves Christine, he is more unsettled than ever. Dennis is determined that the nightmare has to stop. He thinks that killing Christine is the only way of returning Arnie to normal. Dennis and Leigh may be having a thing going on between them, but it also may be that each one is the only safe rock of the other. They are worried about Arnie, especially Dennis, who really misses his best friend. Next morning, Dennis goes to the school parking lot and scratches Darnell's Tonight into Christine's hood, and drives off with Leigh. They go to Darnell's scrapyard and they wait for Arnie and Christine inside a bulldozer. Night falls down, and Dennis devises a plan. He tells Leigh to wait in the office. The plan is that she will shut door on Christine after her arrival, trapping the vehicle inside the office.Leigh leaves to do so. While she is on her way there, the car's lights suddenly break the night: she was hiding under a pile of garbage. Christine drives towards Leigh trying to run over her, but crashes on to one of the office walls instead. Arnie gets ejected through Christine's windshield and is impaled on a shard of glass, fatally wounding him. Arnie is bloodied, but in his last breath, he just caresses Christine's front bumper for the last time. In his own way, he dies happy.Enraged, Christine attacks Leigh once again. Dennis drives the bulldozer and he fights Christine, who is playing  Pledging My Love  at top volume on her radio. Christine is still set on dealing with Leigh first, so she approaches her top speed to run over her. However, Dennis drives the bulldozer up on to the car's back, stopping her and crashing her. Leigh climbs in to the cab of the bulldozer and embraces Dennis. Meanwhile, Christine returns back to life and begins to heal herself over again. So, Dennis has to drive the bulldozer over Christine, crashing her onto a thin layer of metal and glass materials, until her headlights flicker and then go out for good. Dennis compacts the red car onto a cube.The ordeal is over.However, later on, within that scrape-yard cube, a metallic stick starts to slowly move and straighten up...
tags: gothic,  paranormal,  cult,  revenge,  horror,  violence,  good versus evil,  suspenseful, 

title: Final Destination
synopsis: Alex Browning is aordinary teenager, who has the power of seeing the future.He and 40 of his classmates are going to Paris on a school trip. Just before the plane takes off, Alex has a premonition of the plane exploding, killing everyone. He awakens and screams to everyone that the plane will explode. The guards take him off the plane and onto the airport. During the commotion, teacher, Valerie Lewton, and students, Billy Hitchcock, Clear Rivers, Terry Chaney, Carter Horton and Tod Waggner get off as well.Soon after, the plane explodes. The survivors are shocked to find Alex's premontion has come true. Days later, Todd slips in his bathroom, and falls on a clothesline in his shower. His velocity causes the rope to wrap around hsi neck, and strangles him to death. After his body is discovered, everyone deems it a suicide.Alex thinks that Death is after them, since they survived the plane explosion. He figures out that they are meant to die in the order that they died on the plane. He calls Clear and they go to a cafe and talk about Alex's theory. While at the cafe, all the survivors reunite. But Carter and Alex start arguing. Terry, Carter's girlfriend, is enraged at Carter still holding a grudge against Alex. She walks off, only to be hit by a bus.Next on the list is Miss Lewton. She has a series of household accidents that ultimately leads to her computer blowing up in her face, a knife impaling her and her house exploding.The four remaining take off in a car only to have it stall on the railroad tracks. They all get out except the Carter, who spots a oncoming train. The others convince him to get out. He decides to get out, with Alex's help, Carter's death has been intervened. But Billy, is decapitated by a piece of thin metal from the car wreckage. Alex figures out that if someone intervenes and prevents the people next in line to die, Death will put that person at the end of the list. Next in line is his girlfriend, Clear Rivers. She is at home when lightning hits a tree causing a chain of events to occur that ultimately find her in her car with a power line on top of it. Alex swoops in again and saves her, cheating death once again.Six months later, thinking they have finally cheated death for good, the three remaining fly to Paris. At a cafe, Alex sees omens around him, and thinks that Death is still after them. Walking away, Alex is about to be hit by a bus, without realising it. Clear has a vision and shouts to Alex and saves him. However, the bus hits a traffic pole, which sends it flying in the air, finally hitting a electrical sign, which says CAFE LA MERO 81 on top of the cafe. The sign comes crashing down, about to hit Alex. Cartercomes and saves him. Thinking Death has been defeated, Carter asks Alex, Who's next?. Then the sign comes back down, this time backwards saying, 18o and hits Carter.This leaves Clear and Alex the remaining survivors from the first film. It is revealed afterwards that Alex was struck in the head by a falling brick. Clear, now powerless, sends herself into a mental asylum.
tags: fantasy,  mystery,  murder,  paranormal,  dramatic,  violence,  horror,  humor,  suspenseful,  entertaining, 

title: Frankenstein
synopsis: Dr. Henry Frankenstein (Colin Clive) wants to build a man in his own image, using the body of a dead man. He and his assistant Fritz (Dwight Frye) dig up a freshly buried coffin and steal the body. When they realize the head and the brains of the body are severely damaged, they decide to steal a brain from Dr. Frankenstein's former teacher Dr. Waldman (Edward van Sloan). When Fritz accidentally drops the glass jar with the label good brain on it, on the floor, he decides to take the glass jar with the label bad brain.
Using some kind of mysterious ray that Dr. Frankenstein discovered, the body is brought to life during a thunderstorm, and the monster of Frankenstein (Boris Karloff) is born.Later, when Dr. Frankenstein realizes that he has created an aggressive monster, he and Fritz lock the monster up in a cell. When the monster is repeatedly bullied and provoked by Fritz, the monster eventually manages to kill him. When the monster escapes, he meets a little girl playing near the water. The monster and the girl throw flowers in the water. Enjoying the playing, the clumsy monster proceeds to pick up the girl and throw her in the water too. Later we learn that the little girl drowned in the incident, when her father carries her through the streets.The city's population propel into an uproar, demanding the death of Frankenstein's monster. The monster is driven into an old mill, after which the people of the city set the mill on fire.
tags: revenge,  horror,  gothic,  murder,  romantic, 

title: A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge
synopsis: It has been five years since Nancy Thompson waged her last battle with Freddy Krueger in that sinister house on Elm Street.The Walsh family- Jesse, a seventeen year old with his father, mother and sister, Angela- has just moved in. Right off the top Jesse starts having bad dreams. His parents assume this is due to the pressure of being the new kid in town. Jesse knows otherwise. Somthing evil is alive in this house.The signs are clear but disturbing. The house becomes unbearably hot suddenly on one of the coolest nights of the year. Appliances take on a mentality of their own, and abruptly burst into flames. The pet parakeet has an anxiety attack and turns into a roman candle.Jesse turns to Lisa, his new girlfriend, to try and figure out what's happening. They piece together assorted rumours and old newspaper clippings of the house's homicidal past, and discover the grisly details about the local child-murderer Freddy Krueger, who was burned to death by town citizens years ago.Meanwhile, Jesse's dreams are turning frighteningly real, and perhaps blurring into reality itself. Freddy Krueger appears in the darkness, muttering black threats about the plans he has for Jesse. Lisa tells Jesse that he's just having a series of intense psychic episodes, but something tells him the situation is far more odious. Slowly, he feels himself succumbing to Freddy, and his own darker impulses rising within.In a bloody nightmare, Jesse finds himself observing the brutal slaying of his gym teacher, Coach Schneider. The next day, he learns that the murder has, in fact, occured. Jesse is convinced that it wasn't Freddy Krueger but himself who was the murderer. The fear starts to build inside Jesse like never before. He feels his sanity starting to unhinge.Panic-stricken, Jesse cuts himself off from his family and friends. But Lisa seeks him out and refuses to leave, comforting him. Jesse begins to relax. They start to make love when, abruptly, Freddy siezes hold of Jesse: a long-tongued demon is suddenly staring hungrily at Lisa. Fearing for her, Jesse tears imself away and runs outside, leaving Lisa in tears.Jesse visits his old friend, Grady, and begs him to stay awake with him. He tries to tell Grady about Freddy's possession of his body, but his friend shrugs and dozes off. Soon after, Jesse doubles over in terrible pain, and Grady wakes up to see him being ripped apart by a savage force: a beast within, Freddy Krueger, clawing it's way out. The glistening killer emerges and eyes Grady. Grady screams and tries to run out of the room. The door is locked. Freddy reaches out and, within seconds, Grady slumps to the floor, blank-eyed, wasted. And there, standing over Grady's body, is Jesse.He finds Lisa and falls into her arms, bloody and agonizing over Grady's murder. Lisa listens with numbing realisation: these aren't just dreams, and Freddy is no shadow. As Jesse feels another transformation coming on, he warns Lisa to run away. But she stands by, trying to help him fight it. Still, Freddy wins out.Freddy attacks Lisa and begins chasing her through the house. In his clutches, Lisa begs for her life and pleads with Jesse to come through. Poised for the kill, Freddy is about to slash at her....when something stops him. A glint of recognition in his eyes, his features contorting into confusion. Freddy screams out and runs away from Lisa and into the night.A rampage of terror follows. Freddy invades a pool party, boils the pool water and spreads flames everywhere, slashing at random at the young party guests. Lisa's father attempts to fire at Freddy with a shoutgun but Lisa, knowing it is really Jesse, stops him. Freddy turns and stalks away, right through a hedge fence.Lisa runs to the old power plant where Krueger used to work, thinking she might save Jesse there. She finds him and tells him that she loves him and that he can fight from the inside. She then removes Freddy's hat and kisses him. Freddy begins to lose control and begins to weaken, as Jesse feels an inner strength of his own welling inside him. As the power plant begins to burn to the ground, Freddy himself starts burning and finally gives up his possession of Jesse's body. After he dies, the rest of the power plant suddenly extinguishes. Just when Lisa thinks it is all over, Freddy's burnt corpse begins to move and Jesse crawls out of Freddy's ashes. The horror is over, not with a bang but with a whisper.The following Monday, Jesse goes back to school. He climbs the bus, finally relieved that it is all over. When the bus begins traveling too fast, Jesse panics and jumps up, only to find out there is nothing wrong; the bus is coming to its regular stop. As he and Lisa rest at ease, Freddy's glove bursts through their friend Kerry's chest and the bus speeds off the main road and into the open land, just like in Jesse's nightmares.... Freddy is back again!
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: El orfanato
synopsis: The film is set in Spain, where Laura (Belén Rueda) returns to the dilapidated orphanage where she grew up, accompanied by her husband, Carlos (Fernando Cayo), and their seven-year-old son, Simón (Roger Princep). Her plan is to reopen the orphanage as a facility for disabled children. Once there, Simón claims that he sees a friend named Tomás, whom he draws as a child wearing a sack mask. Later, Benigna, the social worker (Montserrat Carulla), visits the orphanage and tells Laura that she has Simón's adoption file. Laura becomes angry at Benigna's intrusion and sends her away. That night, Laura finds Benigna snooping around her garden shed, but Benigna escapes before Laura can confront her. Later, Simon teaches Laura a type of scavenger hunt game that Tomás taught him. The game involves hiding a person's possessions, with the player who recovers his final possession winning a wish. While playing the game, Laura discovers Simón's adoption file is missing and angrily accuses Simón of hiding it. An angry Simón denies this and says that Tomás told him that Laura is not his real mother and that he is going to die.Later, at a children's party at the Orphanage, Laura and Simón argue, and Simón hides from Laura. Laura looks in the bathroom, only to be confronted with a boy in a sack mask with the name Tomás embroidered onto his shirt. When Laura approaches Tomás, he traps her in the bathroom. Laura escapes and frantically searches for Simón. She sees a vague figure of a boy standing in a cave in the distance; in her haste to go to the figure, Laura trips and injures herself. At a medical center, the police psychologist, Pilar (Mabel Rivera), suggests to Laura and Carlos that Benigna may have abducted Simón. That night at home, a bedridden Laura hears unexplained banging in the walls.Months later, Laura and Carlos spot Benigna pushing a baby carriage downtown. As Laura calls out to her, Benigna is suddenly hit and killed by a speeding ambulance. Laura rushes to Benigna's carriage, but finds only a doll wearing Tomás' sack mask. With this clue, Police search Benigna's home and find evidence revealing that Benigna worked at the orphanage long ago. Pilar shows Laura an old photo of a young Benigna (Carol Suárez) and her deformed son named Tomás. Laura learns that the children of the orphanage played a trick on Tomás, which led to his accidental death.In desperation, Laura goes to a medium named Aurora (Geraldine Chaplin), seeking clues to her son's disappearance. The medium tells Laura that she is close to death, and so has the ability to see the dead.Unable to cope with the situation, Carlos leaves the orphanage, and Laura takes sedatives to get into a state of near-death. She begins to see ghost children around her who lead her to a hidden door which leads to a basement room. Here, she finds Simón alive and hugs him in a blanket.She tells Simón to think about what he's going to do when he grows up, next year's Christmas, and anything that will make the children go away. As the ghost children vanish, Laura sees the basement back to the present. She then finds the blanket in her hands as light as a feather. She drops the blanket to realize Simón is gone again. She turns around to see the rails of the stairs to the basement had been broken. Lying right beneath the stairs, Laura sees a body of a young child with Tomás's sack mask on. She slowly approaches the motionless body and takes off the mask to realize the body is actually her son, Simón, but dead. She cries in pain and grief. She then realizes that when she threw the metal poles in the closet leading to the basement, she trapped Simón inside. The big crash she heard in the middle of the night was Simón falling to the ground by the stairs. So Simón had been wearing Tomás's mask all along. Laura then carries Simón's body upstairs and swallows all her medication, begging to be with Simón again. Laura's wish is granted as the ghosts of the dead children appear and Simón comes to life in Laura's arms.Alone outside the orphanage, Carlos walks over the gravestones for Laura and Simón who both were found dead while he was gone. Carlos returns to their old bedroom and finds a medallion that he gave to Laura on the floor. Carlos hears the sound of the bedroom door opening. When he moves his head up, he smiles. Screen cuts to black.
tags: paranormal,  horror,  gothic,  depressing,  fantasy, 

title: Dawn of the Dead
synopsis: Ana (Sarah Polley), a nurse, finishes a long shift at her Milwaukee County hospital and returns to her peaceful suburban home. She and her waiting husband Louis (Justin Louis) make love and go to sleep, missing warnings beginning to trickle through the local media concerning a mysterious and rapidly-spreading contagion which turns its infected hosts into reanimated flesh-eating ghouls.The next morning they are awoken by their zombified neighbor, a young girl, who bites Louis in the throat. Ana locks the zombie out of the room, but despite her frantic efforts, Louis dies. When Ana unsuccessfully attempts to call 911 for help, Louis immediately awakens as a reanimated zombie, and chases Ana into the bathroom. Ana escapes out the window and flees from her now chaos-torn neighborhood in her car, before a failed hijacking attempt sends her crashing into a tree. The opening credits roll, showing the worldwide collapse of human civilization.Ana meets Kenneth (Ving Rhames), a grim police sergeant traveling to Fort Pastor, a nearby US Army base. With the route to the base blocked by zombies, they and three others - jack-of-all-trades Michael (Jake Weber), petty criminal Andre (Mekhi Phifer) and his pregnant Russian wife Luda (Inna Korobkina)- break into the nearby Crossroads Shopping Mall. Inside the mall, a scuffle with a zombified mall security guard results in Luda getting a minor bite-wound and Kenneth getting a cut on his arm.They confront three living security guards - C.J. (Michael Kelly), Bart (Michael Barry) and Terry (Kevin Zegers) - and give up their weapons in exchange for refuge. After the group secures the mall, they head up to the mall's roof to dispose of bodies and paint SOS signs. There, they meet another survivor, Andy (Bruce Bohne), who is stranded alone in his gun store, across the mall's zombie-infested parking lot.The next day, a delivery truck arrives at the mall, carrying the driver Norma (Jayne Eastwood), jerkish Steve (Ty Burrell), working man Tucker (Boyd Banks), elderly Glen (R.D. Reid), trampy Monica (Kim Poirier), bitten Frank (Matt Frewer) and his teen daughter Nicole (Lindy Booth), and an anonymous (and severely-injured) obese woman (Ermes Blarasin). These newcomers report that Fort Pastor has been overrun by zombies and no help is coming. Shortly after, the obese woman dies, reanimates and is killed by Ana, who thrusts a metal fireplace poker into her eye. The group determines that bites are how the zombies multiply their numbers; after Ana and Michael argue about what to do with the rapidly-deteriorating Frank, the man is isolated in a store with guard Kenneth, allowing him every single second before expiring. Michael and Ana achieve an awkward reconciliation, which is interrupted by Kenneth's shotgun blast as he destroys Frank's reanimated body.Though the mall provides many material distractions and the survivors begin pairing off romantically (Ana and Michael, Terry and Nicole, Steve and Monica), the undead surround the refuge in ever-increasing numbers. Finally the malls power goes out and Michael, C.J., Bart and Kenneth enter the underground parking garage to turn on the emergency generator. They meet a friendly dog (Blue) who appears unharmed nor infected. They question this when a zombie suddenly bites Bart, which attracts more zombies that forces the group to flee. While trying to avoid the horde, Michael and Kenneth reach the generator compartment and C.J. joins them when Bart is overwhelmed and killed by the zombies. They eventually work together to douse the zombies with gasoline and set them ablaze.Andre, faced with the fact that Luda will soon die, sinks totally into denial, and has his heavily-pregnant and infected wife tied to a bed in the mall's children's store. As she gives birth, she dies and reanimates. Norma checks on the couple, discovering the zombie-Luda and the demented Andre clutching a small bundle of blankets. Norma shoots Luda, causing Andre to snap completely; they exchange more gunfire and both are killed. Ana arrives on scene and opens the bundle to reveal a zombie baby. She pulls her revolver and a single shot rings through the mall.At an impromptu memorial, Kenneth says anything is better than sitting around waiting to die. The remaining mall-dwellers thus plot to fight their way to the local marina, and from there travel out on Steve's small yacht to an island in Lake Michigan. They reinforce two small shuttle buses from the parking garage, removing the seats, welding on a snowplow, attaching metal bars and floodlights, stringing barbed wire, boarding up the windows, and cutting slits for the deployment of weapons. Chainsaws, propane tanks and other supplies are also loaded on board. Meanwhile, Andy is starving, and will not have the strength to join the escape (and contribute much-needed ammunition), so the mall survivors strap a pack of food on Chips, the dog from the basement, and lower him into the parking lot in a sling. Unfortunately, while Chips makes it safely to the gun-shop, a zombie sees the dog and gets in as well and bites Andy. Nicole, distraught over Chips, takes the delivery truck and barges her way into the gun store, where a now-zombified Andy traps her in a closet.Kenneth, Michael, C.J., Terry, and Tucker gather their meager weapon supply and go into the sewers, while Steve is assigned guard-duty on their exit door. They reach the gun store, where they kill Andy, rescue Nicole and stock up on weapons and ammunition. A detonated propane tank is used to clear a path back to the sewers, but the zombies pursue them. Along the way, Tucker breaks his legs and, despite C.J.'s desperate attempts to pull him to safety, is attacked by the perusing zombies, forcing C.J. to shoot him dead out of mercy. Thanks to Steve's negligence, the zombies force open the exit door. The survivors pile into the buses and smash out into the parking lot, where another propane bomb is used to clear a path through the waiting horde. When Glen moves to take out a last hitchhiking zombie with a chainsaw, a sudden swerve sends the weapon slashing into Monica's shoulder. The resulting splatter of blood covers the windshield, causing driver Kenneth to lose control and crash. Glen and Monica are killed, while Steve flees the toppled bus and is attacked by the hitchhiking zombie.The others scramble for the second bus, meeting zombie-Steve en route. Ana shoots him dead, then must linger long enough to get the boat keys off his corpse, allowing more zombies to catch up with them. Ana flees back to the bus, where Michael helps her in. After a short struggle, they pull away and speed to the marina dock, where they crash the bus and dash for the boat. Cornered in the bus by their pursuers, C.J. detonates a final propane tank blowing up the vehicle, the zombies, and himself. The remainder of the group gets on the boat, except for Michael; he was bitten while helping Ana. Ana futilely pleads with him to come, and the boat sets sail with Terry, Ana, Kenneth, Nicole, and Chips. Ana watches unflinchingly as Michael draws his pistol, places it under his chin, and a final gunshot rings out over the water.The end-credits roll, interspersed with video footage taken by Terry, using a camera from the boat. Following a grim voyage where water, fuel and food supplies all run low, the remaining survivors succeed in reaching an island, only to be immediately attacked by a new swarm of zombies. As the survivors attempt to retreat to the boat, the camera falls to the ground and blacks out, leaving their ultimate fate unknown.
tags: comedy,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  action,  sadist, 

title: Hellbound: Hellraiser II
synopsis: The movie opens with Captain Elliott Spencer (Doug Bradley) playing with the Lament Configuration box, only to have it send him to Hell and transform him to the Cenobite Pinhead. Flash forward to the present, where Kirsty Cotton (Ashley Laurence) is placed inside the Channard Institute, a psychiatric hospital, and is questioned by Homicide Detective Bronson (Angus MacInnes). After the police search the house where her father, Larry, her stepmother Julia and her uncle, Frank, all died, they stumble upon the bloody mattress Julia had died upon (from the first film) and bag it as evidence. Kirsty meets Dr. Phillip Channard (Kenneth Cranham) and his assistant Kyle MacRae (William Hope) and she tells her story. Before leaving, Kirsty begs Bronson to burn the mattress as it is the only means of bringing Julia back from Hell. Channard goes and talks to Bronson.During her first night, she has trouble falling asleep when she comes across a young girl named Tiffany (Imogen Boorman), who has a knack for solving puzzles and has been institutionalized for six months. Kirsty has trouble falling asleep as she begins to hear voices and receives a bloody message written on the wall from a skinless human whom she believes is her father: I AM IN HELL. HELP ME. Kirsty explains the entire story to Channard after she expresses to Kyle that her father may still be alive.Channard steals the mattress and takes it to his home. Kyle sneaks to his house to find that Channard is obsessed with the Lament Configuration box and the portal to Hell. Kyle watches from behind a curtain as Channard brings back a masochistic patient from the ward, handing him a straight razor. The patient slashes himself several times, bleeding onto the mattress. After a few moments, a skinless body emerges from the mattress, draining the patient. The body in the mattress is actually Julia, whom Channard is trying to resurrect with the promise of learning about the afterlife. Channard brings more corpses to his attic where he hides Julia, binding them to the ceiling so Julia can reconstruct her body. After a few victims, she has much of her skin back. Kyle goes back and informs Kirsty about what he saw and that he now believes her. They go to the house together, as Kirsty finds a picture of Spencer before he'd become Pinhead. Kyle runs into Julia: at first he has no idea who she is. Julia locks herself with Kyle in Channard's attic, where the corpses of Julia's victims hang rotting. Julia approaches him and envelopes him with her arms. At first, the weak-willed Kyle has no idea who she is, but then he realizes she is the skinless, monstrous thing that destroyed the mental patient on the mattress. Kyle panics and tries to escape, but Julia's grip prevents him from doing so. Julia makes as if she's kissing Kyle, and works him through a process of sucking him dry. Kyle struggles poignantly to get rid of her grip, but is worked out calmly and effectively by Julia. He screams and moans in pain, and does try to escape from her arms, but Julia is stronger now. As this process of nourishment goes on, Julia gets to recover the remainder of the skin on her back. Julia and Kirsty finally meet again, and Julia smacks Kirsty as Channard brings another patient: Tiffany.Tiffany is not to be another victim, but is merely being used to open the puzzle box so Channard can experience Hell. The tunnels of Hell are opened and the Cenobites are released, but Pinhead stops the others from killing Tiffany; he notes that it is not her desire that made her open the box but Channard's. Channard and Julia have both entered the tunnels themselves and begin to explore. Kirsty wakes up and, after seeing what has happened, heads for Hell with the box. When she arrives there, Pinhead finds her and changes the configuration of the box into a shape that appears unsolvable. Kirsty takes the puzzle with her, seeking Tiffany to solve it.Julia introduces Channard to the box's realm, which is a series of pathways that form a strange maze. Leviathan, the god of the realm, represented by a much larger version of the puzzle box in the configuration Pinhead changed it to for Kirsty, revolves at the center of the maze. Channard sees the horror of Leviathan's Hell and realizes it's beyond his comprehension. When he tries to leave, Julia forces him into a much larger version of the box, where he endures unimaginable pain when his face is strung with wires and injection devices fill him with hideous fluids. He emerges from the box some time later, now a Cenobite. A large tentacle painfully grips the top of his head and becomes his new form of mobility.Kirsty eventually finds Tiffany, and they both try to find an exit. Kirsty sees her father's house, and runs in thinking her father might be inside, but it turns out to be Frank. He is the one who sent Kirsty the message, wanting Kirsty to join him. Frank presides over his own chamber of Hell where sheeted women taunt him, never allowing him any pleasure from them. He tries to attack Kirsty and she responds by burning down the house, as well as Frank's flesh. Julia enters with Tiffany, and Frank invites her to kiss him. Julia betrays him, ripping his heart out as the girls make their escape. The girls try and get sucked through, but Julia catches them and grabs onto Tiffany before she is pulled out of her skin.Kirsty and Tiffany make their escape back to the hospital, but the Channard Cenobite finds them and gives chase again. Kirsty encounters Pinhead, Butterball, Chatter, and the Female Cenobite. Kirsty gives Pinhead the picture of Elliot Spencer and reminds them that they were all human at one time, until pain got the better of them. Channard arrives to capture Tiffany, while the remaining Cenobites all choose to protect Kirsty. Channard kills all the Cenobites (reverting them back to human form) and turns Pinhead's face into Elliot. Elliot smiles at Kirsty and allows her to escape before succumbing to his death; Channard uses strange tentacles with sharp blades to slit Elliot's throat.Tiffany decides to go back into Hell and finish what was started. Kirsty follows her, but understands that it's all a puzzle. Tiffany attempts to solve the puzzle, but Channard interferes and attacks both girls. Kirsty retreats. As Channard stalks Tiffany, Julia reappears and distracts him with a kiss, long enough for Tiffany to solve the puzzle. As he tries to kill Tiffany, Channard's tentacles become embedded in the floor and his mobility tentacle rips the top of his head off at the jaw. Tiffany falls over the edge, but Julia catches her and pulls her up (but not before it is revealed that Kirsty has disguised herself in Julia's skin). Both of them escape back to the hospital as the portal closes and they both leave the hospital.Some time later, two movers attempt to pack up all of Channard's belongings before one notices the bloodied mattress. It kills him as the second mover enters the room. A pillar rises up and spins around, showing the near-dead Cenobite Pinhead screaming (Geoffrey Portass) as well as Skinless Julia, before stopping. The last head (Little John) is revealed to be the same man from the first film, who ends the movie by asking: What is your pleasure, sir? (the similar line the first film ends with).
tags: gothic,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  good versus evil,  insanity, 

title: Re-Animator
synopsis: At University of Zurich Institute of Medicine in Switzerland, Herbert West brings his dead professor, Dr. Hans Gruber, back to life. There are horrific side-effects, however; as West explains, the dosage was too large. When accused of killing Gruber, West counters: I gave him life!
West arrives at Miskatonic University in New England in order to further his studies as a medical student. He rents a room from fellow medical student Dan Cain and converts the building's basement into his own personal laboratory. West demonstrates his reanimating reagent to Dan by reanimating Dan's dead cat Rufus. Dan's fiancee Megan, who already thinks West is creepy, walks in on this experiment and is horrified.
Dan tries to tell Dr. Alan Halsey, who is Megan's father and dean of the medical school, about West's success in reanimating the dead cat, but the dean does not believe him. When Dan insists, the dean infers that Dan and West have gone mad. Barred from the school, West and Dan sneak into the morgue to test the reagent on a human subject in an attempt to prove that the reagent works, and thereby salvage their medical careers. The corpse they inject comes back to life, but in a frenetic and violent zombie-like state. Dr. Halsey stumbles upon the scene and, despite attempts by both West and Dan to save him, he gets killed by the reanimated corpse, which West then kills with a bone-saw. Unfazed by the violence and excited at the prospect of working with a freshly dead specimen, West injects Dr. Halsey's body with his reanimating reagent. Dr. Halsey returns to life, also in a psychotic, zombie-like state. Megan chances upon the scene, and is nearly hysterical, but the sight of her seems to awaken some kind of memory in her reanimated father, who while still crazed, appears to suddenly feel a kind of regret.
Dr. Halsey's colleague Dr. Carl Hill, a professor and researcher at the hospital, takes charge of Dr. Halsey, whom he puts in a padded observation cell adjacent to his office. He carries out a surgical operation on him, lobotomizing him. During the course of this operation, he discovers that Dr. Halsey is not sick, but dead and reanimated.
Dr. Hill goes to West's basement lab and attempts to blackmail him into surrendering his reagent and notes, hoping to take credit for West's discovery. West offers to demonstrate the reagent and puts a few drops of it onto a microscope slide with dead cat tissue. As Dr. Hill peers through the microscope at this slide, West decapitates him with a shovel, snarling plagiarist! as he drives the blade of the shovel through Dr. Hill's neck. West then reanimates Dr. Hill's head and body separately. While West is questioning Dr. Hill's head and taking notes, Dr. Hill's body sneaks up behind him and knocks him unconscious. The body carries the head back to Dr. Hill's office, with West's reagent and notes.
Exercising mind control over Halsey (in a deleted scene Hill is revealed to have psychic/hypnotic abilities; in the finished film, Halsey's submission is explained as a result of the lobotomy), Dr. Hill sends him out to kidnap Megan from Dan. While being carried to the morgue by her reanimated father, Megan faints. When she arrives, Dr. Hill straps her unconscious body to a table and strips her naked. She wakes up in the middle of this experience. Hill then sexually abuses her, including shoving his bloody, severed head between her legs.
West and Dan track Halsey to the morgue. West distracts Dr. Hill while Dan frees Megan. Dr. Hill reveals that he has reanimated and lobotomized several corpses from the morgue, rendering them susceptible to mind control as Halsey is. However, Megan's voice reawakens a protectiveness in her father, who then fights off the other corpses long enough for Dan and Megan to escape. In the ensuing chaos, West injects Dr. Hill's body with a lethal overdose of the reagent. Dr. Hill's body mutates rapidly and attacks West, who screams out to Dan to save his work before being pulled away by Dr. Hill's mutated entrails.
Dan retrieves the satchel containing West's reagent and notes. As Dan and Megan flee the morgue, one of the reanimated corpses attacks and kills Megan. Dan takes her to the hospital emergency room and tries to revive her, but she is dead. In despair, he injects her with West's reagent. As the scene fades to black, Megan, apparently revived, can be heard screaming.
tags: comedy,  cult,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  humor,  suspenseful, 

title: Tarantula
synopsis: A severely deformed man stumbles through the Arizona desert, falls and dies. Dr. Matt Hastings, a doctor in the nearby small town of Desert Rock, is called in by the Sheriff to examine the body at the local mortuary. Asked to define the cause of death, he finds himself perplexed: the deceased was someone he knew and had just seen recently – biological research scientist Eric Jacobs – whose deformity appears to be acromegaly, a distortion which takes years to reach its apparent present state. Dr. Hastings asks to be allowed to perform an autopsy to clarify the diagnosis. The sheriff refuses, judging an autopsy unnecessary because there is no indication of foul play. Hastings then approaches Jacobs' colleague, Dr. Gerald Deemer, who more bluntly refuses permission, then signs Jacobs' death certificate in lieu of Hastings, with heart disease listed as the cause of death.
Bothered still by the anomaly, and also by Deemer's abruptness, Hastings later drives to Deemer's combined home and research lab, located in an isolated mansion in the desert far from town. Deemer apologizes for his hostility, blaming it on his grief, then insists that Jacobs had developed acromegaly incredibly rapidly, over just four days. He cannot offer an explanation but attempts to convince Hastings this was only an anomaly, not a result of anything sinister. Hastings appears to accept this apology.
After Hasting leaves, Deemer goes to his closed lab, where huge cages contain white rabbits and mice, some of enormous size. Deemer examines each of the oversized specimens, noting when each last received an injection, and how many each has had altogether. Then he turns to observe a glass-fronted inset in the back wall, as a different sort of specimen slides into view inside - a tarantula bodily the size of a large dog, plus legs.
As Deemer finishes his observations of this creature, a second deformed man appears, attacks Deemer and begins destroying the lab. During this rampage the lab catches fire and the glass covering the tarantula's cage is shattered. The man grabs a hypodermic that Deemer was preparing, knocks him out, and injects him with the contents. As flames and electrical sparking rage over the lab, the arachnid escapes outdoors, and the deformed man collapses and dies. Deemer regains consciousness, grabs a fire extinguisher, and puts out the fire. That night, Deemer calmly buries the body of his assailant - whom he has recognized from the first attack as his other assistant, Paul Lund - in the desert.
The following day, the intercity bus brings a newcomer to town, a young, beautiful woman who is expecting to be met by Dr. Deemer. Told by the hotel clerk that she will have to wait until the only taxi in town returns from a mission, she accepts a ride from Dr. Hastings, who is again going to Deemer's place and is apprised of her plight. She introduces herself to him as Stephanie Clayton, nicknamed Steve, who has signed on to assist in the lab, to replace Paul Lund, as part of her doctoral degree program.
When they arrive at the mansion, Deemer tells them that the fire was caused by an equipment malfunction. He indicates that all the animals were killed in the fire, and explains that Lund has already left his employ. As Steve's contract stipulates that she live in Dr. Deemer's residence, Dr. Hastings leaves her there with her suitcases. Steve begins working in the lab and proves to be a capable lab assistant.
A couple of days later, Dr. Hastings finds a mystery has arisen, involving clean-picked cattle carcasses and pools of a thick white liquid up to eight feet in diameter, when the Sheriff calls on him for help. Unknown to anyone, the cause is the tarantula, now the size of Deemer's mansion, which is hungrily beginning to ravage the countryside: the next night, a horse-rancher is killed by the spider outside his stable, and later a pickup truck is flipped by the tarantula in order to get at the two men inside. Elsewhere, two hoboes trying to enjoy a meal and a smoke on the open range are chased and killed.
While this carnage is occurring, Hastings has decided to pay a call on Steve. Explaining that Deemer has been acting and looking ill recently and gone to bed, she shows Matt what they have been working on - the use of radioactive elements to produce an artificial super-nutrient which, once perfected, could provide an unlimited food option for humanity. She shows Matt some of the giant lab-animals created just since her arrival as an unintended side-effect of the nutrient. Suddenly Deemer appears, furious. He chews out Steve for revealing secret work and orders Matt to leave. Before he goes, he notices there are some subtle changes in Deemer's appearance as well as in his demeanor.
The following day at the destroyed horse ranch, Hastings once again appears at the request of the Sheriff and, finding again pools of the strange, thick liquid, decides an analysis of this substance might solve the mystery. He takes a sample and flies it to the university in Phoenix, where Dr. Townsend determines that it is tarantula-venom, only in such a quantity that only a monster-spider could produce. After viewing a film prepared by Townsend, showing the predatory ferocity of a normal tarantula, he phone calls Dr. Deemer but is told by Steve that he has become even more ill and is again abed. He again appears behind her, this time hanging up the phone. Matt thus hastens to his airplane and flies quickly back to Desert Rock.
Upon arriving there, he drives to the Deemer mansion, where he finds Deemer, severe acromegalic deformities rapidly setting in, resignedly under the care of Steve as he knows he is nearing death. He divulges all he knows about the nutrient's effects on humans and animals and tells of Lund's death. Matt then returns to town to brief the sheriff on what he has learned from Dr. Townsend and at the mansion. As night falls, the tarantula comes to the mansion. Deemer is killed but Steve escapes when Hastings returns by car. The tarantula pursues them down the highway toward the town. The Sheriff and his men intercept the pursuit, but their guns don't faze the tarantula. Hastening to town, they gather dynamite, but a blast big enough to blow up the highway doesn't faze the monster either. As they complete a hasty evacuation of the town, the Air Force, summoned by the Sheriff, arrives in the form of a jet squadron which launches a napalm attack, successfully incinerating the giant tarantula at the town's edge.
tags: suspenseful,  horror, 

title: Grave Encounters
synopsis: Jerry Hartfield, the producer of Grave Encounters, a famous ghost investigation television series, explains that Grave Encounters was cancelled in 2003 after the fifth episode, when the cast and crew, along with the footage for episode six, mysteriously went missing. The footage was finally recovered in 2010 and brought to Hartfield. In it, the show's host Lance Preston, along with occult specialist Sasha Parker, surveillance operator Matt White, cameraman T.C. Gibson, and fake medium Houston Grey, investigate the abandoned fictional mental asylum Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital, where many instances of paranormal activity have been reported since its closure.
After taking a tour of the hospital, the crew begin an overnight surveillance campaign while locking themselves inside. At first, everything is quiet, but soon, strange phenomena begin to occur, such as odd noises, doors automatically slamming shut, and (unseen to anyone but the audience) a wheelchair moving on its own. After recording a haunting where an invisible entity moves Sasha's hair, the group decides to finish their filming and wait for 6 AM when the caretaker will let them out.
However, Matt disappears while retrieving the wall cameras, and the crew is unable to radio him. Now becoming uneasy and with the caretaker nowhere to be seen, the crew eventually attempt to break down the exit doors, only to discover that the exit mysteriously loops back into another hallway, and they have no way of leaving the building. Lance soon realizes that the sun has not risen, and it is still night outside, despite their cellphone clocks showing that it is well past mid-morning.
The group attempts to find an alternate exit, including a fire escape from the roof that T.C had seen while filming the exterior, but to no avail, as the building seemingly changes around them, creating dead ends and false exits. While the group is sleeping again, someone scratches the word HELLO into Sasha's back. After the group encounters a young woman in a hospital gown whose face demonically distorts, Houston is separated and killed by an invisible force while stumbling around in the dark. His death is recorded by one of the wall cameras. While resting, the remaining crew awakens, only to discover that they have somehow been fitted with hospital identification bracelets.
Lance, Sasha, and T.C. eventually find Matt in a room, wearing a hospital gown and mentally unstable. As the group leaves the room, T.C. tries to bring Matt with them, but is attacked by a demonic being who drags him into a blood-filled bathtub in which they both disappear. With Matt in tow, Lance and Sasha find an elevator, and Lance goes alone to find something to wedge to elevator door open. After taking a pipe from an old hospital gurney he encounters a demonic patient. Lance panics, flees to the elevator, and pries the elevator door open. He is then attacked by the patient, but Sasha rescues him.
Meanwhile, Matt commits suicide by jumping down the elevator shaft. After climbing down a ladder in the shaft to the underground tunnels of the hospital, Sasha becomes violently ill and starts coughing up blood. The two stop to rest, and while they sleep, Sasha is covered by a strange mist and disappears. Lance alone wanders down the seemingly endless corridors as his mental health spirals downward, feeding on rats to survive.
Eventually, Lance encounters a door that appears seemingly out of nowhere, which leads to the secret operating room of Dr. Arthur Friedkin, who had performed unethical experiments on Collingwood's patients. There, he finds evidence of satanic rituals and black magic being performed on the patients. Lance then discovers a small sacrificial altar on the floor, after which he is attacked by Friedkin, who drags him away as he screams, before the camera cuts out. The camera is turned back on, showing Lance alive, though his eye is bleeding from a lobotomy done by Friedkin. He states to the camera, He said I'm all better now...I can finally go home. For Grave Encounters...Lance Preston signing off. The screen then cuts to black.
tags: paranormal,  insanity,  cult,  horror, 

title: [Rec]
synopsis: Reporter Ángela Vidal (Manuela Velasco), and her cameraman Pablo, are covering the night shift in one of Barcelona's local fire stations for the documentary television series While You're Sleeping. While they are recording, the firehouse receives a call about an old woman, Mrs. Izquierdo, who is trapped in her apartment and screaming. Ángela and Pablo accompany two of the firefighters, Álex and Manu, to the apartment building, where two police officers are waiting. As they approach the old woman becomes aggressive and attacks one of the officers, biting his neck.
As they carry the injured officer downstairs, they find the building's residents gathered in the lobby. The police and military have sealed off the building and trapped them inside. As people begin to panic, Álex, who remained upstairs with the old woman, is thrown over the staircase railings and seriously injured. The old woman then kills a girl, and the remaining officer, Sergio, is forced to shoot her. Ángela and Pablo begin interviewing the residents, including a sick little girl named Jennifer. Her mother Maricarmen claims she has tonsillitis, and says her dog, Max, is at the vet because he is sick as well.
The injured are put in the building's textile warehouse. A health inspector in hazmat suit arrives and attempts to treat them. Suddenly, they become aggressive and start attacking other people. The residents flee and Guillem, an intern, is locked in the warehouse. The health inspector explains that they are infected with a virus similar to rabies, and the time in which the disease takes effect varies by blood type. He reveals the disease is traced back to a dog in the apartment building, and Ángela realizes it's Max. When the residents confront Maricarmen, Jennifer turns, vomits blood at her mother's face and flees upstairs.
Sergio handcuffs Maricarmen to the stairs and proceeds upstairs with Manu and Pablo. They find Jennifer but she bites Sergio, who tells the others to leave him. Manu and Pablo find the remaining residents running upstairs as the infected in warehouse have broken down the door. Leaving the handcuffed Mari behind, they enter an empty apartment along with Ángela, a resident called César, and the health inspector, who has been bitten. César mentions that there might be another way out through the basement, where there is a large drain that is connected to the sewers, but says the keys are in Guillem's apartment. The infected health inspector then bites César, forcing Ángela, Manu and Pablo to escape and fight their way up to Guillem's apartment on the third floor.
Having found the key, Ángela and Pablo leave the apartment and find Manu among the infected. The pair are chased upstairs, and take refuge in the penthouse. They discover a tape recorder which explains the virus' origin. The penthouse' owner was an agent of the Vatican. He was researching and isolating an enzyme believed to be the biological cause of demonic possession. He located a possessed young girl named Tristana Medeiros, kidnapped and brought her to the penthouse for research. During this time, the enzyme mutated and became viral. The agent, having no other options, sealed Tristana in the house, presumably to let her die of starvation.
Pablo reaches up with his camera to record around inside the attic. An infected child swipes at the camera and breaks its light, shrouding them in complete darkness. Pablo turns on the night vision and discovers a sealed door. Tristana, now a blind and horribly emaciated figure, emerges and searches the penthouse for food. Ángela and Pablo try to escape, but Pablo is killed by Tristana and drops the camera. Ángela then picks it up and looks through the screen. Seeing Tristana eating Pablo, she panics, trips and drops the camera. The camera continues to record as Ángela is dragged into the darkness screaming.
tags: dark,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  atmospheric,  claustrophobic, 

title: Freddy vs. Jason
synopsis: Freddy Krueger is rendered powerless in Hell with Springwood forgetting him. Disguising as Pamela Voorhees, Freddy manipulates Jason Voorhees into killing Springwood teenagers to regain strength.
Lori Campbell lives with her widowed father, with friends Kia, Gibb, Trey, and Blake staying over. That night, Jason stabs Trey and folds him in half, with police suspecting Freddy. Following a nightmare, Blake awakens to his beheaded father before Jason kills him. The next day, police state it to be a murder-suicide, hoping to contain Freddy.
Lori's ex-boyfriend Will Rollins and friend Mark Davis are Westin Hills Psychiatric Hospital patients. They take Hypnocil to suppress dreams, due to them having the last contact with Freddy. A news report leads Mark to devise an escape plan. He and Will return to Springwood to tell Lori about Freddy. Mark later learns of the city's plan to eradicate Freddy and realizes they've nullified it. That night, Lori and the others attend a rave at a cornfield. A drunken Gibb believes she sees Trey and follows him to a silo - a dream trap set by Freddy. However, Jason kills her. Dismayed, Freddy realizes Jason's rampage will continue and deny Freddy victims.
Linderman and stoner Freeburg escape the rave along with Lori, and Kia. Lori confronts her father about her mother's death, lying to him. She and Will go to Mark's house, only to discover Freddy killing Mark. Deputy Stubbs suspects a copycat Jason murderer, but his suspicions fall short. He approaches Lori and her friends, who piece together Freddy's plan. Learning of Hypnocil, they attempt to steal stock from Westin Hills, but Freddy possesses Freeburg and disposes of them. After electrocuting Stubbs, Jason is tranquilized by possessed-Freeburg, whom Jason bisects before falling unconscious.
The teens devise a plan to pull Freddy from the dream world into reality and force him to fight Jason. They take the unconscious Jason to Crystal Lake. Meanwhile, Freddy battles Jason in the dream world. Freddy is in his environment and has the advantage with his dream powers but despite impaling Jason with his own machete, beating him, brutally slamming him around the plant and using equipment to crush him, Jason keeps coming. However after Freddy is thrown onto a pipe which begins to release water, he learns Jason is afraid of it on account of drowning, which allows Freddy to try that exact same means of death to kill him. Lori goes to sleep and saves Jason but Freddy attacks her, revealing himself as her mother's killer.
Jason awakens due to Lori and chases the others into a cabin. Linderman is mortally wounded and dies, the cabin ignites, and Lori is awakened, pulling Freddy into real life which shocks Freddy and reveals his own fear of fire as it was the method in which he was originally killed. Jason fights Freddy while they escape, throwing Freddy through another cabin's roof.
Lori, Will and Kia encounter Freddy. Kia distracts Freddy by taunting him until Jason suddenly kills her. As Lori and Will escape, the two begin to fight. Freddy uses his speed and intellect to his advantage, while Jason uses his strength and tolerance to extreme forms of attack. The fight starts first in a construction area, then on the dock in Crystal Lake. There, Jason tears Freddy's arm off after Freddy stabs Jason's eyes with his glove. Lori and Will pour gasoline on the docks and set it on fire, which ignites propane tanks that blows Freddy and Jason into the lake. Freddy climbs out and attempts to kill Lori and Will, but is impaled by Jason with his own clawed arm as Lori decapitates Freddy, causing his body to fall back into the lake. Lori and Will leave Crystal Lake together. Afterwards, Jason emerges from the water, holding his machete and Freddy's severed head as Freddy winks to the audience before laughing off-screen.
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  alternate reality,  violence,  flashback,  insanity,  humor,  revenge, 

title: ParaNorman
synopsis: In the small New England town of Blithe Hollow, Massachusetts, a boy named Norman Babcock is able to speak with the dead, including his late grandmother and various ghosts in town. Unfortunately, almost no one among the living believes his ability is genuine and he is isolated emotionally from his family while being ridiculed and bullied by most of his peers for his seemingly strange abilities.However, Norman makes a friend with Neil Downe, an eccentric overweight boy who is bullied himself and finds Norman's earnest admission as a medium an intriguing part of a kindred spirit. During rehearsal of a school play commemorating the town's witch execution of 300 years ago, Norman has a harrowing vision of the town's past and being pursued as a witch by the town's citizenry. Afterward, the boys are confronted by Norman's estranged and seemingly deranged uncle Mr. Prenderghast who tells his nephew that the vision is a sign that he soon must take up his regular ritual to protect the town.Norman refuses to take him seriously, but soon has another vision during the school play, creating a public spectacle of himself which leads to his embarrassed parents unjustly grounding him. Now completely despondent and isolated, Norman is confronted by the ghost of the recently deceased Prenderghast in the restroom who tells him that the ritual must be performed with a special book before sundown that day, before departing for the afterlife. After some consideration, Norman sets off to Prenderghast's residence to retrieve the book. Believing that Neil would not truly understand his situation, he drives him away. He arrives at the graves of the town's ancestors/founders, including Judge Hopkins, who were supposedly cursed by the witch they condemned, but finds the book is merely a collection of fairy tales.Before Norman can ponder the situation, Alvin, a bully who overheard Norman's encounter in the restroom, intrudes and interferes with the reading until after sundown. With that, a ghostly storm resembling the witch appears in the air while the cursed dead arise and pursue the boys until they meet Norman's sister, Courtney, Neil and his older brother, Mitch, who have come to retrieve Norman. Together, the kids are relentlessly pursued by the zombies into town, but Norman manages to contact a classmate named Salma, who tells them to access the Town Hall's archives for the location of the witch's unmarked grave.As the kids make their way to the Town Hall, the zombies eventually lose them and find themselves confused by modern society and then are beset by the citizenry, who attack them en masse. During the riot, the kids break into the archives but cannot find any information they need. As the mob moves to attack Town Hall, Norman (in frustration) temporarily drives away his companions only for them to be trapped by the mob. However, the Witch storm appears and Norman climbs the Hall's tower to desperately attempt to read the book to stop her, but the witch blasts it with lightning and causes him to fall back down into the archives.Unconscious, Norman has a dream where he learns that the witch was actually Agatha Prenderghast, an innocent little girl of his age who was also a medium, unjustly condemned by the town's superstitious and frightened elite, who were then cursed to reawaken as the undead by Agatha as she was taken for execution. After awakening, Norman encounters the zombies and realizes that all they wanted was to speak with him to ensure he would take up the ritual to minimize the harm of the terrible mistake they made with Agatha. However, Norman decides that this gesture is not enough and resolves to find Agatha's ghost to arrive at a permanent solution.Norman attempts to help the zombies slip away to have them guide him to Agatha's grave, but are cornered by the mob. However, Courtney, who has come to realize her brother's true abilities, heroism and task, confronts the crowd and convinces them to back off. As the witch storm rages ever more destructively, Judge Hopkins guides Norman's family to the grave in a forest. Unfortunately, Agatha's magic separates Norman from the others and he must reach the grave on his own to save the town.Norman finds the grave, and soon confronted by the vengeful spirit of Agatha, interacting with her in the spirit dimension. She tries to drive him away, but Norman resolutely holds his ground, telling her that he understands how she feels as an outcast. As she struggles to drive him away, Norman endures her assault and eventually convinces her that, despite her legitimate grievance, her thirst for vengeance is accomplishing nothing but inflicting more pain and persuades her to stop. Norman tries to convince her that even in the darkest times, there must have been someone who was kind to her. Focusing only on the tragedies and forgetting the good things in her life is what reduced her to a malevolent force devoid of her true identity.Eventually, the girl, nicknamed Aggie, calms down at Norman's eloquence, recalling her true personality and happy memories with her mother. She is able to find a measure of peace, knowing that she is not alone and one person in the town understands her, allowing her to let go and move on to the afterlife. At that resolution, the storm dissipates, and she and the zombies all peacefully fade away. As day breaks, the town cleans up and regards Norman as a hero even when the outside media tries to explain the disturbance as merely a powerful storm.Norman, realizing that he, too, should stop focusing on his memories of being ostracized and pushing others away, accepts Neil's companionship. At the end, Norman watches a horror film with the ghost of his Grandmother again, and his family eagerly joins him.
tags: fantasy,  paranormal,  horror,  clever,  revenge,  entertaining, 

title: The Monster Squad
synopsis: The Monster Squad is a club of pre-teenagers who idolize classic monster-movies and their non-human stars. They hold meetings at a tree-clubhouse in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Club leader Sean (Andre Gower), whose five-year-old sister Phoebe (Ashley Bank) desperately wants to join the club, is given the diary of legendary monster hunter Dr. Abraham Van Helsing (Jack Gwillim), but his excitement abates when he finds it is written in German. Sean, his best friend Patrick (Robby Kiger), and the rest of the Monster Squad visit an elderly man, known as the Scary German Guy (Leonardo Cimino), actually a kind gentleman and a former concentration camp prisoner, to translate the diary.
The diary describes, in great detail, an amulet that is composed of concentrated good. One day out of every century, as the forces of good and evil reach a balance, the otherwise indestructible amulet becomes vulnerable to destruction. With the next day of balance happening within a few days, at the stroke of midnight, the kids realize they must gain possession of the amulet and use it — with an incantation from Van Helsing's diary — to open a hole in the universe and cast the monsters into Limbo. As shown in the film's prelude, Van Helsing had unsuccessfully attempted this one hundred years ago in order to defeat his old adversary Count Dracula (Duncan Regehr); his apprentices then emigrated to the United States to hide the amulet, where it was out of Dracula's immediate reach.
Nevertheless, Dracula seeks to obtain the amulet so that he can take control of the world and plunge it into darkness. To this end, he assembles several of his most dangerous and monstrous allies: The Mummy (Michael MacKay), The Gill-man (Tom Woodruff Jr.), The Wolf Man (Carl Thibault), and in addition, three school girls (Mary Albee, Joan-Carrol Baron, and Julie Merrill) whom the Count transforms into his vampiric consorts. Dracula then steals a crate from a B-25 Mitchell in flight, containing Frankenstein's monster (Tom Noonan), thus completing his army. However, Frankenstein's monster is reluctant to aid Dracula, and wanders into the forest where he encounters Phoebe. Rather than being afraid, she shows him the kindness he has always sought, and they become friends. After Phoebe proves to the Monster Squad that Frankenstein's monster is not evil, he chooses to help the boys instead of Dracula. The Wolfman, when reverting to human form, is an recalcitrant follower of Dracula, and has been making calls to the police about the forthcoming carnage, which are dismissed as crank calls.
The amulet turns out to be buried in a stone room beneath a house that Dracula and the other monsters now occupy and where Van Helsing's diary was found. The secret room is littered with wards which prevent the monsters from taking it. The Monster Squad finds and removes the amulet and narrowly escape Dracula's grasp. The German informs them that the incantation must be read by a female virgin. As midnight approaches, the Squad makes their way to a local cathedral to make their last stand. Meanwhile, Dracula destroys their clubhouse with dynamite, drawing the attention of Sean's father, Police Detective Del, who has been charged with investigating the strange occurrences in town of late (as caused by Dracula's cohorts), but remains quite skeptical about their supernatural causes until he sees Dracula in person.
Unfortunately, the doors to the cathedral are locked, so the incantation must be read on the stoop, leaving the Squad vulnerable. They enlist Patrick's beautiful elder sister Lisa (Lisa Fuller) to help them, as she's the only virgin they know. Unfortunately, with time running out, the incantation fails since Lisa is actually not a virgin anymore. As the monsters close in, the kids deduce that five-year-old Phoebe must complete the task of opening the portal, and the German Guy attempts to help her read the incantation as the rest of the Squad fends off the monsters.
In the ensuing battle, Dracula's consorts, the Mummy, the Gill-man, and the Wolfman are defeated. Dracula arrives and is about to kill Phoebe when Frankenstein's monster intervenes, impaling him on a wrought-iron fence. Phoebe finishes the incantation, opening the portal which begins to consume the bodies of the monsters. Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him. Sean impales Dracula with a wooden stake; then Van Helsing appears, having briefly escaped from Limbo, and pulls Dracula to his doom. Frankenstein's monster willingly goes into the portal, but Phoebe holds onto him. Frankenstein's monster shakes her off as she belongs on Earth, but accepts a gift of a stuffed animal as thanks. The portal then closes, ensuring the world's safety.
In the aftermath, the United States Army arrives on the scene, having received a letter from Squad member Eugene (Michael Faustino) earlier on asking for their help against the monsters. When the confused General fails to make sense of the situation, Sean steps forward and presents the man with his business card, identifying himself and his friends as The Monster Squad.
tags: comedy,  murder,  cult,  horror,  psychedelic,  humor,  entertaining, 

title: Due occhi diabolici
synopsis: === The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar ===
Jessica Valdemar, an attractive 40-year-old woman, rides in a taxi to the downtown Pittsburgh office of Steven Pike, her elderly husband’s lawyer, with some paperwork for Mr. Pike's approval. Pike sees that Jessica’s 65-year-old husband named Ernest Valdemar, who is dying from an unnamed terminal illness, is liquidating a number of his assets for cash and suspects Jessica of having undue influence on him. Jessica denies the allegations that she is any negative influence over her husband, while Pike makes a phone call to the house to talk with Ernest Valdemar, who speaks over the phone in a weak but coherent voice explaining about his decision to let Jessica take control of his money and assets from his personal signature on the written documents that she has. Pike reluctantly agrees to let Jessica have access to the money, but warns her that if anything were to happen to Mr. Valdemar within the next three weeks before the transfer of his estate over to Jessica is finalized, she will be investigated by the authorities.
Jessica returns home to Ernest Valdemar’s large suburban mansion where she meets with Dr. Robert Hoffman where it is revealed that he and Jessica have been conspiring to cheat the terminally ill Mr. Valdemar out of his estate by hypnotizing him and having him do what they wish from his deathbed. Jessica doesn’t like the procedure, but Robert wants it done because he used to have a romance with Jessica and wants to run off with her after they acquire his $3 million assets. The next day, Jessica goes to a bank where she withdraws $300,000 and stores it in a safe. Robert sees this. But then, Mr. Valdemar goes into cardiac arrest and dies while under another hypnosis spell. Not wanting to reveal his death just yet, Robert and Jessica carry his body to the basement where they hide it in a freezer. But during the night, Jessica becomes frightened when she hears moaning coming from the basement, but when she tries to wake up Robert, he has put himself under a hypnotic-induced slumber to help him sleep.
The next morning, Jessica and Robert wake up and also hear the same noises coming from the basement. Upon checking the body, they hear Ernest Valdemar’s voice coming from the still body claiming that his soul is alive and trapped in a dark void between the living and the dead while under hypnosis. Valdemar tells them that he sees others in the dark void looking at him. While Jessica goes out to make sense of this situation, she returns to find Robert talking to Mr. Valdemar’s undead corpse who tells him that the others are vengeful spirits trapped in a realm and want to use him to enter our world. Valdemar tells Robert to wake him up and free him from his hypnotic state. In a panic, Jessica shoots Valdemar’s corpse and wants to bury the body and skip town with the money they have. While Robert heads outside to dig a hole to bury the body, Jessica goes back into the cellar only to find Valdemar’s body rising up out of the freezer and walking towards her saying that he is under control of the others to use him. Jessica shoots him, but he keeps on coming. Robert enters the house when he hears the gunshots and sees Jessica and Valdemar struggling on the balcony where the undead walking cadaver shoots Jessica in the head and she falls off the balcony, dead.
Robert finally tells Valdemar that he’s going to wake him and free him from his hypnosis. But after doing so by counting to five, Valdemar tells Robert that it's too late to wake him for without his body as a conduit, the Others cannot return to their realm. They're with you now! exclaims Valdemar, who finally falls dead. Robert then steals all the cash that Jessica had stored in the safe and flees the house. Robert goes back to his apartment in downtown Pittsburgh, where he puts himself under a hypnotic sleep. But then, the ghostly Others enter his apartment and kill him by shoving the hypnotic digital counter into his chest. The ghosts then form themselves into one large mass-like mist and enter Robert's dead body.
Several days later, the police led by Detective Grogan arrive at Robert’s apartment to answer complaints about a strange smell and constant moaning coming from the apartment. Grogan finds the apartment ransacked and the stolen cash scattered everywhere. But just then, the horribly decomposed body of Robert, under the control of the Others, appears and attacks Grogan, telling him that there is nobody to wake him up.
=== The Black Cat ===
Rod Usher makes his entrance in a building decorated with the abject remains of dismantled corpses. A naked woman lies bound to a table, sliced in two by a huge pendulum-like blade. Rod is a professional crime scene photographer for as he puts it: still life’s my art, a talent which ensures that he is frequently called upon the local authorities—led by Detective LeGrand—to document the horrors of the baroque crime scenes which are apparently commonplace in Pittsburgh where Rod lives.
After arriving home at a semi-fancy row house, Rod works in his darkroom in the basement developing the photos when his work is interrupted by the appearance of a mysterious black cat, which has apparently been adopted by his live-in girlfriend Annabel. Rod and Annabel’s relationship is uncomfortably distant. Annabel is delicate, sensitive, and somewhat ethereal, while Rod is a rough, burly, brutish man who seem more at home with the gritty hyper-reality of crime scenes that he is with Annabel’s talk of witches and superstition. Annabel, in contrast to Rod, is a professional violinist who gives private lessons to local high school students who show up at the house after their school classes, and she even takes some of them on excursions to local opera houses to watch the arts of life.
Over the next several days, a strong antipathy grows between Rod and the mysterious cat, a situation worsened by Annabel’s excessive protection of it. Driven to distraction by the cat’s apparent hatred of him, Rod eventually strangles it during a photo shoot he has set up with the cat being the center of attention. Rod then uses the photos of him strangling the cat to post on the cover of his newest photography book, titled Metropolitan Horrors, a lurid collection of his most revolting pictures. As Annabel begins to guess the truth about what has happened to her pet, the couple embarks on a series of violent arguments, one of which ends with Rod falling into an alcohol-induced sleep where he has a nightmare about participating in a Medieval Pagan festival where he is executed for the murder of the cat.
One day, when Annabel finally spots his book in a shop window, with the strangled body of her much-loved cat on the front cover, she immediately goes home and makes plans to leave Rod, who at that very moment is in a local bar drinking heavily. Rod becomes unnerved when the barmaid Eleanora gives him a stray black cat, which is identical to Annabel’s own cat. Rod notices that the inky feline has an identical white marking on its chest (an obscure white patch which seems to resemble the shape of a gallows). Rod brings the cat home and sets about to kill the feline once and for all. But Annabel intervenes and comes to the cat's rescue, causing a confrontation which ends in her gruesome and gory death when Rod hacks her to death with a meat cleaver. After shaking off his suspicious next door neighbor and landlord, Mr. Pym, who arrives after hearing the argument, Rod assures him that nothing is wrong.
Confident that he can escape detection, Rod conceals the body behind a wall in the house and invents a story to explain Annabel’s disappearance to her music students, Betty and Christian, when they show up the next day for their violin lessons. But after a confrontation with Christian, who expresses doubt and suspicion to Rod about his story of Annabel leaving him, he confides in Mr. and Mrs. Pym about his suspicions that Rod might have killed Annabel. When Annabel’s friend in New York keeps phoning the house to ask of her whereabouts, Rod becomes increasingly trapped by his own increasing elaborate web of lies. The situation is exacerbated by yet another appearance of the black cat. But this time, Rod ensures its death by slicing it in two with a saw, and disposes of it in a garbage dump.
The next day, Detective LeGrand arrives with his partner to question Rod about Annabel’s whereabouts. Despite their stern questioning, Rod is not fazed by their questions. After looking around the house, the detectives leave, but immediately come back when an eerie, distorted mewing sound is heard echoing though one of the walls. Rod is handcuffed and the fake wall of that he put up is torn down and his crime scene is finally revealed. It reveals that the ever troublesome feline had given birth in Annabel’s tomb and its offspring are now feasting on the remains of their mistress. Not to be outdone, Rod grabs the pickaxe from LeGrand's partner and in seconds kills both policemen. But handcuffed and in a panic, Rod tries to make his escape when his neighbors show up after nearing the commotion, pounding on the front door. Rod attempts to flee from his house by climbing out a second floor window by using a rope to tie around a tree in his backyard. But his plan fails when he gets tangled in the rope and slips, the rope tightening around his neck, killing him. The black cat makes a final appearance, and stares at the fate Rod had coming for him.
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: Halloweentown High
synopsis: Two years after the previous movie, 17-year-old Marnie Piper (Kimberly J. Brown) prepares to begin a new school year. She asks the Halloweentown Council to work toward openness between Halloweentown and the mortal world. She proposes bringing a group of Halloweentown students to her own high school in the mortal world. The Council is initially apprehensive, mostly due to the legend of the Knights of the Iron Dagger: a fanatical knighthood who wanted to destroy all things magical. The Halloweentown Witches' Council, however, agrees to accept the plan after Marnie mistakenly bets all the Cromwell magic that her plan will work. If she does not prove she is right by midnight on Halloween, then her entire family will lose their magical abilities. Marnie, regretting what she said to the Council, wants to cancel the program she has made, but her grandmother Aggie (Debbie Reynolds) opposes, saying that they have nothing to fear.
The Halloweentown students arrive and are magically given human appearances to disguise their true non-human natures. School begins with Marnie acting as a tour guide for the exchange group, claiming they are from Canada. Aggie substitute teaches so she can be available in case of need. Cody (Finn Wittrock), a new student, shows a romantic interest in Marnie.
While Aggie proves unable to teach any subject effectively, the Halloweentown students keep to themselves, hiding in the refuge that Aggie magically creates for them in a remote student locker. Marnie gradually encourages the students to join sports teams, school activities, and to make new friends.
Marnie's progress is interrupted by a warning that appears to be from the Knights of the Iron Dagger, then by a magical incident at the mall that results in the Halloweentown students assuming their natural appearances in public. This is followed by a break-in at the secret magical locker and the disappearance of one of the students.
Meanwhile, Marnie's developing relationship with Cody parallels an unexpected romance beginning between Aggie and the school's principal, Phil Flannigan (Clifton Davis). Aggie suspects Cody of being the cause of the trouble, and tries to convince Marnie to halt their relationship, but Marnie in turn suspects Flannigan. They eventually discover that Flannigan is the Knight in question; he was told prior to the students' arrival that he was the last of the Order.
Edgar Dalloway (Michael Flynn), head of the Witches' Council and father of one of the students, is the real root of their problems. He wants to keep Halloweentown isolated from the mortal world, and used Flannigan to ensure the failure of Marnie's project. This, he hoped, would cause a negative reaction in Halloweentown and keep the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world closed.
The Halloweentown students use the school's Halloween carnival to improve mortal attitudes toward magical folk. Their haunted house depicts the ordinary lives of creatures that have typically been seen as monsters in the mortal world, including displays like the Monster Tea Party and ogres picnicking in their natural setting, which winds up boring the carnival goers. Meanwhile, Marnie's mother, Gwen (Judith Hoag), uses a Witch's Glass to hunt down the missing student imprisoned by Dalloway.
At the school carnival, Dalloway launches magical attacks against the mortal students by bringing the inanimate monsters in the haunted house to life. The ensuing panic spirals beyond Marnie's and Aggie's ability to contain the monsters. Flannigan incites a mob to corner the Halloweentown students. Cody shames the crowd, the students reveal themselves, and the crowd accepts them for who they are. Flannigan also renounces being a knight and accepts Aggie.
Dalloway claims the Cromwell magic, and explains that his son Ethan (Lucas Grabeel) helped with most of the things that happened, but Gwen has shown the evening's events to the Witches' Council. They return the Cromwell magic, Gwen returns with the imprisoned student, and the Council imprisons Dalloway in another Witch's Glass.
The portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world opens inside the haunted house, and crowds of children from Halloweentown cross over to enjoy the carnival together with children of the mortal world. Marnie flies off for a romantic broom ride with Cody. While flying over the carnival, they kiss.
tags: horror, 

title: The VVitch: A New-England Folktale
synopsis: The film starts with William (Ralph Ineson), the patriarch of a Puritan family, on trial in 1630s New England. He dismisses those around him as false Christians, and the others claim that he speaks ill of the word of God.In a flashback, William's family includes his wife Katherine (Kate Dickie), eldest daughter Thomasin (Anya Taylor-Joy), son Caleb (Harvey Scrimshaw), twins Mercy (Ellie Grainger) and Jonas (Lucas Dawson), and baby Samuel. They recently moved off their plantation in England to a small farm. Mercy and Jonas frequently play with a large black goat that they named Black Phillip.One afternoon, Thomasin is outside playing Peek-A-Boo with Sam. She covers her face to scare him, but when she looks down, Sam is gone. We cut to somewhere in the darkest part of the woods where a wrinkled hand strokes Sam's body, moments before the creature lowers a knife to his chest. We then see a haggard old woman pounding what appear to be Sam's remains before consuming them. The woman then slowly walks out into the woods.Katherine becomes distraught following Sam's disappearance. The family believes that a wolf took the baby. Caleb goes out to hunt with his father, but first he starts to notice Thomasin's breasts. Out in the woods, Caleb becomes fearful that Sam was taken because he lived in sin, making Caleb worry that he is also leading a sinful life that will lead to his doom.William comforts his son, and they proceed to hunt. William aims his rifle at a rabbit, but the recoil from the shot gets him in the eye, and the rabbit runs away. The two return home to an angry Katherine. Thomasin takes the blame for her father for the two of them going to hunt.Thomasin and Caleb are by the river gathering water. Mercy comes along and accuses Thomasin of being a witch, blaming her for Sam's disappearance. Thomasin plays along with the accusation and starts to terrify Mercy. Thomasin says she is a witch, and that she will get Mercy if she continues to bother her.With a lack of growth on their crops beginning to turn problematic, Thomasin and Caleb venture into the woods. The two are separated from each other. Caleb disappears and comes across a small cottage. From the doorway emerges a beautiful woman (Sarah Stephens). She lures Caleb toward him and she kisses him before grabbing his head with a haggard hand.Thomasin later finds Caleb outside in the rain, naked and scarred. The family becomes worried that something evil is overtaking them. Mercy and Jonas continue to accuse Thomasin of being a witch, to the point where even Katherine appears to believe it. Later, Katherine discusses with William that they should give Thomasin to another family, which she overhears. Caleb is bedridden, and the family prays for him. After a while, Caleb begins to writhe and speak some sort of prayer, while Mercy and Jonas also writhe on the ground as if they were possessed. Caleb speaks as though he accepts that he is about to meet God, and he starts to moan passionately before dying with a smile on his face.Thomasin runs outside to cry in despair. William starts to accuse her of evildoing that led to Caleb's death. She angrily defends herself and states that perhaps it was Mercy and Jonas that made a demonic pact with Black Phillip. William locks his three surviving children in the barn with the goats until something happens. Inside the house, Katherine tearfully confesses to William that she had an affair from which Samuel was born.In the barn, the kids see a pale, nude figure drinking the blood of one of the goats. The creature (a witch) turns around and cackles at Mercy and Jonas, causing them to scream. Meanwhile, Katherine appears to find Caleb sitting in a chair, holding Samuel. She approaches them and takes Sam to breastfeed him, but in reality, it is just a crow picking at Katherine's bosom while she laughs gleefully.In the morning, the goats have been slaughtered, and Mercy and Jonas have vanished. Thomasin emerges from the barn and sees Black Phillip charge at William, impaling him with one of his horns. William grabs a hatchet and seems ready to fight, but he then drops it, allowing Black Phillip to charge at him again and knock him into a pile of logs that crushes him. Katherine comes out and continues to accuse Thomasin, blaming her for the deaths of her family members. Katherine starts to choke Thomasin, who continuously tells her mother that she loves her. Thomasin grabs a nearby blade and hacks at Katherine's face until she is dead.Thomasin quietly walks into a barn and dons a cloak. She later encounters Black Phillip and demands to speak to him. After a brief moment of silence, we hear the quiet voice of Phillip. He asks Thomasin what it is that she desires, and tells her what he can promise to give her. Phillip appears to take human form and walks behind Thomasin, telling her to undress. She does, and she follows him into the woods while naked. In the middle of the woods is a coven of witches, all dancing nude around a fire. The witches then start to float in the air. Thomasin embraces the darkness and begins to float high above the trees herself.
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  suspenseful, 

title: Kalifornia
synopsis: Brian Kessler (David Duchovny) is a graduate student in psychology as well as a journalist, who has written an article about serial killers, which draws interest from a publisher that offers him a book deal. After the book deal advance is spent, Brian realizes that he needs to start working on finishing his book. His girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes), a photographer, persuades him to move to California, and they decide to drive from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to California and visit infamous murder sites along the way. Short on funds, Brian posts a ride-share ad.
Meanwhile, psychopathic parolee Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) has just lost his job. His parole officer (Judson Vaughn) learns of this and comes to the trailer park where Early lives with his young girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Early refuses the officer's offer of a job as a college janitor, saying he wants to leave the state. The officer informs him that if he does not keep the appointment, he will be having dinner with the sheriff. Early decides to go to the job interview. However, when he is on his way out, he is confronted by his landlord over non-payment of rent. Early grows violent and spins out in his car, chasing the man all over the park.
Early sees the ride-share ad at the college and calls Brian, who agrees to meet him the following day. Early sends Adele ahead, then murders his landlord before joining Adele to wait for Brian and Carrie. Carrie's first response to seeing the rough-hewn couple is to suggest Brian turn the car around and leave, but Brian asks her to give the plan a chance, and she reluctantly agrees.
On the road, unbeknown to his companions, Early murders a man in a gas station bathroom and steals his money. When they arrive at the first hotel, he cuts Adele's long hair shorter, to try to match Carrie's. At another hotel, Early invites Brian out to play pool, leaving Adele and Carrie alone together.
Carrie trims Adele's hair in a less brutal, more stylish 'bob-cut' and Adele paints Carrie's toe-nails. Adele explains that her mother did not approve of her relationship, because Early had just been released from prison. Adele reveals to Carrie that she is a rape victim and that she views Early as her protector, even though he has beaten her. While Carrie and Adele are drinking beer, Adele also admits to Carrie that Early forbids her to smoke or drink.
At a local bar, Brian is confronted by another man at the pool table, and Early steps in, punching out the attacker. Later on in the road-trip Early introduces Brian to pistol shooting in a remote, unnamed location which doesn't arouse local suspicion.
Carrie is alarmed by Brian's growing fascination with Early and Brian's nonchalant response to the news that Early has been in prison. She gives him an ultimatum: either they rid themselves of Early and Adele, or she will leave.
At the next gas station, Carrie glimpses a newscast with footage of Early and the announcement he is a suspected murderer. Early kills the gas station attendant and continues the trip with the couple as hostages. They encounter two police officers, whom Early shoots. They next come to the home of an elderly couple. Early beats the man to death, but Adele allows the woman to flee. As Early rushes to find the woman, Adele confronts him and says she wants nothing more to do with him. Early fatally shoots Adele, strikes Brian on the head, and kidnaps Carrie.
Brian regains consciousness, and the elderly woman gives him the keys to her truck. Brian arrives at an abandoned nuclear testing site and surprises Early, hitting him in the head with a shovel. Brian finds Carrie bloodied and handcuffed to a bed, having been sexually assaulted. Early, who was only stunned, attacks Brian and they struggle until Early is hit over the head by Carrie. When Early continues the attack, Brian kills him.
Some time later, Brian and Carrie are living in a California beach house. Carrie tells Brian that a gallery is interested in her art, and he suggests they go out to celebrate.
tags: dark,  neo noir,  murder,  bleak,  cult,  horror,  violence,  atmospheric,  insanity,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Friday the 13th Part 2
synopsis: Two months later after Crystal Lake's brutal massacre, Alice (Adrienne King), wakes up after dreaming about Mrs. Voorhees' decapitation. She talks on the phone to her mother, then she takes a shower and decides to boil the kettle. When she opens the fridge, she finds Mrs Voorhees' severed head, before being stabbed in the head with an ice pick by a unidentified assailant.Five years later, a group of young adults have come to Crystal Lake to attend a counselor training center that has been set up near the now-condemned Camp Crystal Lake. While some counselors, named Jeff (Bill Randolph) and Sandra (Marta Kober), are in town on their way to the facility, the town drunkard Crazy Ralph (Walt Gorney) appears and tells the counselors to turn back, as the young counselors five years ago did not heed his warning. At the camp, Paul (John Furey), the leader of the group, explains how camp counseling is a serious job, and that the main danger in this area is bears. Ginny (Amy Steel), Paul's former girlfriend, arrives in her broken-down Volkswagon and attends the meeting as well.One night, around a campfire, Paul tells the people about how Jason Voorhees drowned in the same lake which their training area also bounds; how his mother was found to be the infamous murderer of Camp Blood; and that Alice survived only to disappear shortly thereafter, and that some of the local residents believe Jason is still alive and viciously protects the area around Crystal Lake. When the counselors seem into the story, they are shocked by a mask-wearing man with a spear, but it only turns out to be the prankster Ted (Stu Charno) in a monster mask and Paul claims that Jason is dead. While some of the counselors are seen making out, Crazy Ralph is standing behind a tree, and is suddenly killed using a garotte around his neck.The next day, Jeff and Sandra sneak away to Camp Crystal Lake, which is now in disrepair. As they are about to go into one of the cabins, they are stalked by an unseen man who then approaches them; but it is revealed that is a local policeman (Jack Marks) who has caught them trespassing. The policeman returns the two counselors to camp, where Paul only recommends a light punishment. However, when driving away, the policeman sees somone dart out in front of his squad car, and is running in the direction of the off-limits Camp Crystal Lake. The policeman chases after the masked man to arrest him as well, only to lose him and go into a cabin. The policeman then sees a horrifying sight (not shown to the viewer) before having a claw hammer slammed into the back of his head.After getting to know one another and participating in some training exercises (which consist of dancing, jogging through the woods, swimming and a cookout), the majority of the trainees leave the campsite to party in town for the evening with the exception of Jeff, Sandra (it is their punishment), Mark (Tom McBride) (he is in a wheelchair), Vicki (Lauren-Marie Taylor) (she wants to stay and talk to Mark), as well as Vicki's friend Teri (Kirsten Baker), and Scott (Russell Todd).Teri decides to go for a swim, and goes skinny dipping. During this, her clothes are stolen by someone, and she exits the lake. It is revealed to be Scott who stole her clothes. As they playfully fight, Scott is caught in a trap, and is hung upside down. Teri goes to look for something to cut him down with. While she is looking, Scott's throat is cut by the assailant, using a panga machete. When Teri returns, she thinks Scott is playing a game, but finds him dead, and she is killed off-screen.Meanwhile, far away from the camp, the other group of counselors are partying at a local bar. Ginny brings up the legend of Jason, imagining what Jason would be like if he were alive, deducing he had seen his mother murdered and would be a vengeful creature unaware of the meaning of life and death. Paul, in response, dismisses her concerns and tells her that he is only a legend since Jason drowned in the lake and his demented mother, whom murdered seven people at Camp Crystal Lake, is also dead and buried. Ginny gets bored and decides to return to the camp, and Paul accompanys her, while Ted and the rest of the counselors stay behind at the bar.As it begins to rain, Vicki goes to put some make up on, so Mark will find her more attractive. Mark is on the balcony, when the killer attacks him from behind, by slamming the machete through his head and his corpse, along with his wheelchair falls down the raining stairs. Vicki goes into the house to look for Mark, but cannot find him. Jeff and Sandra are upstairs having sex, but not knowing the assailant heads upstairs and resulting both of them impaled through the bed with a spear. Vicki goes upstairs, and finds them dead, and finds the assailant, wearing a one-eyehole gunny sack over his head, where then she is stabbed through her stomach with a chef's knife.Upon their return to camp, the rain lets up and Ginny and Paul discover the lights are not working in the main cabin and sheets on an upstairs bed appear to be covered in blood. During the search, Ginny finds the two bodies of one the counselors, and then opens the freezer, where Crazy Ralph's corpse falls out. Soon, Paul is attacked by the gunny-masked assailant as Ginny runs out into the woods.After a lengthy chase, Ginny stumbles upon the assailant's cabin and enters. In the back room, she discovers an altar with Pamela Voorhees' head (Now mummified) on it, surrounded by the bodies of the recent victims. At this point, Ginny realizes that Jason Voorhees is the murderer, who seemingly survived his drowning and now seeking revenge upon his deceased mother. Using her study of child psychology to her advantage, Ginny dons Mrs. Voorhees' sweater and deceives Jason into believing that she is his mother (although Jason wises up when he sees his mother's severed head). Jason sees Ginny attempting to attack him with his mother's machete, in which he quickly acts by slashing Ginny's right leg with a pickaxe. Paul, (still alive) runs in and tackles Jason to the floor, at which one point Jason overthrows him and prepares to kill him with his pickaxe. Ginny revives, takes the machete, and slams it through Jason's left shoulder, seemingly killing him. Afterwards, Ginny and Paul uncover his disfigured face (unseen to the viewer) as they leave the cabin.Paul and Ginny retreat back to their cabin, now believing Jason is dead and find Muffin, Terri's pet dog (alive and active). As Ginny calls to her dog Muffin to come, an unmasked and deformed Jason (Warrington Gillette) breaks through the window (With the machete still intact in his shoulder) and pulls Ginny out.The next morning, Ginny wakes up while being placed in an ambulance with no recollection of what happened to Paul. The final shot shows Mrs. Voorhees' head still on the altar, where Jason is also nowhere found, but it is strongly implied that he is still active, before ultimately fading to black.
tags: grindhouse film,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  insanity,  humor,  suspenseful, 

title: The Haunting
synopsis: The film opens with narration over a silhouette of Hill House at night. The narrator, Dr. John Markway (Richard Johnson) tells us, An evil old house, the kind some people call haunted is like an undiscovered country waiting to be explored. Hill House had stood for 90 years and might stand for 90 more. Silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House. Whatever walked there walked alone. Title and credits follow, then narration continues, Scandal, murder, insanity, suicide: The history of Hill House was ideal. It had everything I wanted... The house was built in New England by a man named Hugh Crain for his wife and young daughter. A horse and carriage accident took the life of the first Mrs. Crain (an uncredited Pamela Buckley) before she even saw the house. Hugh Crain (an uncredited Howard Lang) and young daughter, Abigail (an uncredited Janet Mansell) said a few words over the body, but Hugh was left an embittered man. Crain married again, and the second Mrs. Crain (an uncredited Freda Knorr) also died, falling down the main staircase. Hugh Crain left Abigail with a nurse (an uncredited Susan Richards) and went to England where he died in a drowning accident. Abigail kept the same nursery room her entire life. By the time she was eighty (an uncredited Amy Dalby) she was a bedridden invalid. Her nurse-companion (an uncredited Rosemary Dorken) was a local girl and, it is with this young companion the evil reputation of Hill House really begins. The old lady died while calling for help. The companion was trysting on the verandah with a farm hand. The companion inherited Hill House and occupied it for many years, but eventually hanged herself. The house then passed to a distant relative, named Mrs. Sanderson (Fay Compton).Markway visits Mrs. Sanderson where he convinces her to let him use the house for psychic research. He explains, I shall occupy the house with a group of carefully selected assistants...I must have specially qualified help to take notes and document any evidence of the supernatural I may find. Eldridge Harper (Ronald Adam), Mrs. Sanderson's lawyer, voices his concern about publicity seekers and the propriety of having women in the house. Harper suggests to Mrs. Sanderson that her nephew, Luke, joins the doctor at Hill House, as he expects to inherit the property. Mrs. Sanderson asks point blank, Exactly what do you and your assistants expect to find at Hill House? Markway replies, Maybe only a few loose floorboards, and maybe, I only say maybe, the key to another world.Dr. Markway, taking a leave of absence from his university professorship, finalizes his list of assistants. Only two end up accepting, Eleanor Lance and Theodora (no last name).Eleanor Lance (Julie Harris) is living with her sister. She is nearly broke and weary after looking after her invalid mother non-stop for eleven years. Mother is now dead, and she fights with her sister over just about everything. She begs to use the car, which is after all, half hers. Her brother-in-law, Bud Fredericks (an uncredited Paul Maxwell) tries to act as mediator between Eleanor and his wife, Carrie (Diane Clare). He is sympathetic to Eleanor's plight, but their daughter, Dora (an uncredited Verina Greenlaw) takes her cues from her mother, and taunts her Aunt Eleanor. On the vacation plan, Bud sides with Eleanor, I think you should have a vacation, Nell. Carrie objects, but Eleanor is not to be deterred and she shows her family how she reacts when pushed to her breaking point. She is normally quiet and meek, but when pushed is loud and assertive.Nell decides to take the car and confronts the garage attendant (an uncredited Claude Jones) for the keys. She departs Boston along U.S. 50 and Route 238 to Hill House. We hear Nell thinking and she reveals she will never return to live with her sister. In fact, most of what we learn of Eleanor is hearing her thoughts.Eleanor arrives at Hill House. The property is surrounded by a stone wall and the entrance by a tall, iron spiked, gate. She honks the car horn, and Mr. Dudley (Valentine Dyall), the cranky caretaker, finally deigns to respond. What do you want? he asks. Eleanor explains that she is expected. After an impertinent exchange with Eleanor, Dudley finally opens the gate and allows her to enter the property. Eleanor is the first to arrive and drives up to the house. Along the way she stops to look at it. It is a huge, stone mansion with lots of detail on the façade and steep, pitched roofs. Her first reaction is that the house is vile and it is staring at her. She carries her suitcase to the front door and is greeted by Mrs. Dudley (Rosalie Crutchley). Mrs. Dudley reluctantly allows Eleanor to come inside, but does not utter a word to her.The inside of the house is dark and over-decorated, and Eleanor is escorted to her room. Mrs. Dudley explains the house rules about meals, and that she won't stay in the house after dark. Eleanor checks out the bathroom and hears the next guest arrive. Theodora (Claire Bloom) introduces herself. Eleanor explains they share a bathroom. Mrs. Dudley repeats her meal and departure rules by rote, but Theo and Nell ignore her. Theodora is a bit strange to Eleanor (Theo clearly flirts with Eleanor throughout the film) Theodora's sexual orientation is only hinted at, and we later learn she has the gift of ESP. Theo and Nell explore the house, but they get lost. Both women feel a chill, and Nell observes, The house, it's alive. Theo seems to feel that the house wants Nell.Dr. Markway appears and explains he left the door opened, but it closed itself. Markway gives the women a tour of part of the house, starting with the main purple parlor, which they will use as an operations center. He explains that all the doors were set slightly off-center, so they close themselves. Despite studying plans to the house, even Markway gets lost on his way to the dining room. They hear a noise, but it turns out to be Luke Sanderson (Russ Tamblyn) mixing a pitcher of martinis as he enters the dining room. Luke serves each person a martini. They sit down for dinner and discuss their duties and responsibilities. Markway explains that Theo was accepted because of her remarkable power of ESP and Eleanor had a poltergeist experience as a child, showers of stone fell on your house for three days when you were 10 years old. Luke is a non-believer. His interest is to financially exploit Hill House, after he inherits it, of course.That evening, in the parlor, Markway works on his notes while Eleanor sits quietly on the couch. Theo and Luke play gin rummy at the game table. Theo's ability to see cards allows her to win five games in a row, much to Luke annoyance. She demands he pay her the $12 he owes, but he refuses because she cheated. The four decide to turn in for the night and continue the tour the next morning. Markway gives them papers and asks that they complete them with their observations each night.Sometime during the night, Eleanor wakes, and still in a near dream state, thinks she hears her mother knocking on the wall. Theo hears it from the next room also and calls to Nell. The two women are frightened and both hear the pounding noise. It comes and goes, but louder each time. They finally hear a woman shrieking and laughing that fades away. When Nell opens the door she sees Luke and Markway in the hall outside. The men explain they were chasing a dog and followed it outside, but they did not hear the loud noises the women heard. Markway concludes that something is trying to separate the men and women.The next morning, Markway and Nell join for breakfast. Nell is starting to develop romantic feelings for John Markway, unaware that he is married. She tells him that she spent eleven years taking care of her invalid mother. Nell also voices her fear that she will be turned out of Hill House with no where to go. Markway tells Nell how he came to do psychic research, and that his family disapproves. Theo joins the pair and warns the doctor, If anyone gets hurt, it's going to be your fault, Markway. Markway explains that no one has ever been physically hurt by a ghost. Luke enters and directs his companions to something he saw in the hall. Someone or something has handwritten a message in chalk on the wall. It says, Help Eleanor Come Home. Eleanor reacts strongly. She first accuses Theo of playing a cruel joke. The two women bicker and Markway postpones the tour and tells Theo to take Eleanor to her room.The tour starts with the greenhouse. A large stone sculpture sits in the center of the room. It is supposed to be St. Francis curing the lepers, but Luke thinks its a family portrait of Hugh Crain and his wives and daughter. Suddenly, the door slams open and a gust of wind moves the plants. They approach the library, but Nell refuses to enter. The smell reminds her of her mother's sick room. Prominent in the room is a very tall, wrought iron, spiral staircase. Markway points out that the balcony high above is where the companion to Abigail Crain hanged herself. Luke climbs up a few feet on the staircase, but jumps back to the ground when it starts to sway and shake.Eleanor ventures out to the verandah and nearly falls over the balcony as she looks up to the tower above the library. Markway threatens to send her home, but Nell begs to stay. Markway suggests Theo and Nell share a bedroom... like sisters. That evening, the two women discuss their lives and plans for the future. Nell makes up a story about having an apartment of her own. Just when Theo is about to make a move onto Nell, Markway calls them and Luke into the hallway outside the Nursery. He has discovered a cold spot. He invites all to experience the phenomenon. He gleefully explains, A cold spot, a genuine cold spot. I guarantee it won't register on any thermometer. Luke dismisses it as just a draft, but Markway says it is the heart of Hill House: The Nursery.In the middle of the night, Nell awakens. She hears a little girl laughing. She asks Theo to hold her hand, as their two beds are almost touching. The laughter continues and Nell complains, Theo, you're breaking my hand. The laughs turn to wimpering and Nell complains that something is hurting a child and she won't allow that to happen. She yells, Stop It! Theo turns on the light and we see Nell is on a day bed about twenty feet from the bed Theo occupies. Nell stares at her hand and asks, Whose hand was I holding?The next morning, Markway is in the music room and checks his watch and makes a note about the harp playing itself. Nell enters the room and asks about how it could play itself. Markway explains that it may be preternatural: Something we don't have any natural explanation for right now, but probably will have some day. Nell voices her fear that it is all in her imagination and concludes she may be going insane. She is haunted by the circumstances of her mother's death and that she may somehow be responsible. They both hear the harp play a note and Markway again checks his watch and makes a note in his paperwork.That evening, Luke finds a disturbing book that Hugh Crain made for his daughter, Abigail. Nell and Theo bicker and Markway notes that everyone's nerves are on edge. Theo continues to flirt as well as needle Nell, this time about a budding romance she fantasizes about with John Markway. Nell runs away and Theo catches up to her, and tells Nell that is he is making a fool of herself in thinking that Dr. Markway will ever get involved with her. Nell accuses Theo of being an unnatural thing as well as a nature's mistake.At that moment, a car horn honks and a taxi pulls up in front of the house. Grace Markway (Lois Maxwell), John's wife, arrives. She informs her husband, A reporter's been telephoning all day. He's on your track. He's heard about you renting this place. Grace begs her husband to abandon the house and his research. When John refuses, Grace pays the driver, grabs her suitcase and announces she is staying at Hill House, to join the ghost hunt. When Eleanor casually mentions the nursery as a place to stay, Grace quickly accepts the challenge, Thank you, my dear. The nursery it is. Markway and Nell try to dissuade her, but Grace responds, You insult my intelligence. You don't think I'd believe anything you ghost hunters might tell me. Luke notices the door to the nursery is open for the first time. Grace decides to spend the night in the room, despite everyone's warning not to. Markway insists he and the three researchers spend the night downstairs in the parlor.Later that night, Nell and Theo sleep together on the sofa by the fireplace as Markway sleeps in a chair. Luke finishes his tour upstairs and enters the parlor. He heads for a bottle on the mantle. Suddenly, the parlor door slams shut by itself and the others wake with a start. They hear a deep rhythmic banging outside the door. Markway is concerned about his wife upstairs. Next a very loud banging comes from just outside the door. The unseen phantom presses against the parlor door as it bows inward and out like breathing, creaking and crunching against the hinges. The sound moves to overhead towards the nursery. Markway is desperate to check on his wife.Unseen, Nell runs from the parlor, through the music room, and upstairs directly to the nursery room. The doors are open, but Grace Markway is nowhere to be seen. Her bed shows signs of being used. Markway and the others arrive and start the search. Nell wanders away. She finds herself in the greenhouse. Descending into her own little world, Nell dances out onto the verandah. When she hears the others calling to her, Nell runs into the Library. She is drawn to the spiral staircase and the balcony at the top. Before she reaches the top, the rickety staircase begins its swaying, the lateral support bolts pulling away from the wall. Markway calls to her, begging her to carefully walk back down. She ignores him and stands on the balcony. Markway carefully climbs the stairs and joins Nell on the iron balcony platform. Before they walk back down, Nell sees Grace Markway peer at her through a trap door in the ceiling.A little later, Markway is furious and now insists Eleanor leave the house for her own safety. Luke brings her car around and Theo packs her bag. Nell tries to talk them out of her dismissal, but the three insist she leave. They escort Eleanor out to her car. Luke gets back out of Nell's car to retrieve the gate key from Markway. She drives off without Luke. Before she reaches the gate she is distracted by the white-robed figure of Grace Markway and crashes into a tree.The three find Eleanor dead in the half overturned car. She crashed into the same tree that killed the first Mrs. Crain. Grace wanders over to the accident scene. She explains to her husband, I didn't want any of this to happen. You must believe me, John. She explains that she woke and was frightened. She got lost looking for her husband and ended up in the attic. While Theo blames Grace for Eleanor's accident, Luke takes a different view. Eleanor did it to herself. It looked to me, anyway, like she deliberately aimed the car at this tree. Markway blames the house. Luke stares at the house and remarks, It ought to be burned down and the ground sowed with salt.We close with an evening shot of Hill House with Eleanor, now a ghost, narrating from beyond the grave about Hill House and that we who walk here... walk alone. The end title comes up as well as the final title card 'The Haunting' followed by eerie piano music.
tags: paranormal,  horror,  suspenseful,  psychological,  gothic, 

title: Addams Family Values
synopsis: Gomez (Raul Julia) and Morticia Addams (Anjelica Huston) welcome their third child: a mustachioed baby boy named Pubert. Older siblings Wednesday (Christina Ricci) and Pugsley (Jimmy Workman) openly loathe their new brother, and repeatedly attempt to eliminate him by tossing him from the roof of the house, dropping an anvil on him, and decapitating him with a guillotine. Alas, in true Addams style, little Pubert cheats death and mutilation time and time again. He also amuses himself by shooting flaming arrows from his cradle.With the house a shambles, Morticia and Gomez opt to hire a nanny to keep the children in check. Wednesday and Pusgly make short work of every new applicant until the arrival of Debbie Jelinsky (Joan Cusack), a seemingly sweet, chipper, and innocent woman who is hired on the spot. Hapless Uncle Fester (Christopher Lloyd), who had been pining for a romantic relationship, immediately becomes infatuated with the beautiful newcomer.It is revealed that Debbie, unbeknownst to her new employers, is a serial killer who preys on wealthy and lonely men. Knowing of the vast Addams fortune, she had selected Fester as her next victim. She coyly flirts with him, toying with his naive emotions, hoping to marry him and then murder him for his wealth. Debbie's ruse does not fool Wednesday and Pugsly, who make no secret of their suspicions. To remove them from the picture, Debbie persuades Gomez and Morticia to send them to summer camp.To their confusion and horror, Pugsley and Wednesday are sent to the bland and WASP-y Camp Chippewa. Lost in a sea of blond, preppy children, they quickly make enemies with the snobby Amanda Buckman (Mercedes McNab), and the disturbingly cheerful camp owners, Gary and Becky Granger (Peter MacNicol and Christine Baranski). They befriend another misfit, the nerdy Joel Glicker (David Krumholtz), who develops a crush on Wednesday. The three are often sent to the Harmony Hut, a tiny cottage decorated with flowers and inspirational posters, and forced to watch sappy musicals and Disney films as a twisted form of punishment.Though overwhelmed with desire for Debbie, Fester is too shy to speak to her. He recruits Gomez and Morticia to accompany them on a double date for moral support. Fester makes a typical slob of himself on the dinner outing, but Debbie, with the fortune in mind, pretends to return his affections and the two are engaged by the end of the night.Wednesday and Pugsley receive the news of Fester's impending wedding, and resolve to stop him from marrying the two-faced Debbie. Along with Joel, they attempt to sneak out of the camp at night but are caught. They later confirm Debbie's sinister true identity from a pack of Joel's, Schitzos and Serial Killers trading cards.The children briefly visit home to attend Fester and Debbie's wedding, which takes place in a graveyard. The newlyweds leave for their Hawaiian honeymoon.While Fester bathes in their hotel room, Debbie attempts to kill him by dropping a radio into the bathtub. She is shocked to find, of course, that Fester is impervious to death and actually seems to enjoy the experience. A frustrated Debbie bribes the (virgin) Fester with sex, telling him that if they make love he can never see his family again. Fester is reluctant to agree, but is soon seduced. He informs Gomez that they can never meet again, and Gomez spirals into depression.Debbie and Fester move into a lavish mansion, where Gomez and Morticia attempt to visit. Fester is still enslaved by Debbie, who banishes her in-laws from the house. Soon after, baby Pubert goes through dramatic emotional and physical changes: he becomes a blond-haired, rosy-cheeked giggling cherub. Morticia and Gomez are horrified. Grandmama (Carol Kane), Morticia's witch mother, determined that the changes were brought on by anxiety due to Fester's departure, and may become permanent if not addressed quickly. The family resolves to win Fester back.Meanwhile, Gary and Becky have arranged the end-of-camp play, an incredibly inaccurate and prejudiced musical about the first Thanksgiving. Amanda Buckman is given the lead role of the Pilgrim heroine Sarah Miller, while Wednesday is cast in the secondary, but still compellingly written role of Pocahontas.Pugsley, Joel, and the other misfit campers become even more at odds with the rest of the camp, but Wednesday becomes inexplicably cooperative (and even cracks a smile). At the performance, however, the kids get their revenge. Wednesday, who had been faking her sweet behavior, leads the misfits (dressed as Indians) on a rebellion, burning the stage and tying up other campers. She, Joel, and Pugsley escape by canoe as Gary and Becky are tied to a spit over an open fire. Joel and Wednesday have their first kiss, while Pugsley hijacks a camp van to take them home.For their three-week anniversary, Fester is preparing a fancy dinner for himself and Debbie. Debbie hides a massive bomb in a gift box, leaving it with Fester while she goes out to get champagne. She returns home later to watch the explosion, but is foiled again when an intact Fester emerges intact from the rubble. Debbie then pulls a gun on Fester and prepares to shoot him, but Fester is saved by Thing, the family's loyal disembodied hand, who is driving Debbie's car.They speed off towards the Addams' mansion, with Debbie in hot pursuit. The Addams family has a brief, happy reunion before they are interrupted and captured by a vengeful Debbie who is wielding a shotgun. Debbie straps the family into electric chairs, then explains her life via a slide show, citing an incident on her tenth birthday as the catalyst for her life of crime (her parents bought her Malibu Barbie instead of Ballerina Barbie).Mercifully, baby Pubert manages to get to the attic and splice two loose wires together, reversing the current so that when Debbie throws the switch, she is reduced to a pile of dust and credit cards. Her tombstone is shown to be inscribed: Debbie Addams, Wife and Psycho.Months later, the family celebrates Pubert's first birthday. After the party, Wednesday and Joel (whom she had invited) visit Debbie's grave. Wednesday claims that Debbie was sloppy for allowing herself to be caught, and that if she herself were to ever marry she would scare her husband to death. Joel scoffs it off, but is suddenly grabbed by a bloody hand that shoots from the ground, as Wednesday gives a knowing smirk.
tags: comedy,  gothic,  stupid,  cult,  horror,  psychedelic,  romantic, 

title: Annabelle
synopsis: The film starts with the same opening scene of the film The Conjuring, in which two young women and a young man are telling Ed and Lorraine Warren about their experience with the doll that they believe to be haunted, known as Annabelle.One year earlier in 1970, John and Mia Gordon (Ward Horton and Annabelle Wallis) are expecting their first child. At church, the couple talks to their neighbors, the Higgins' (Brian Howe and Kerry O'Malley), over baby names. John is obviously nervous and not completely ready for it, even commenting on that to Mia. She is upset by his attitude toward the pregnancy, but he apologizes to her and gives her a doll that she's been trying to find for ages. Mia loves it and puts it with the rest of her dolls.At night, there appears to be a murder happening in the house next door at the Higgins home. It wakes Mia up. She tells John and he goes over to investigate. He runs out of the neighbor's house covered in blood (not his), telling Mia to call 911. She does and is about to head back outside when she hears a voice telling her it likes Mia's dolls. Mia stands back frightened when she hears it, and a man covered in blood appears from behind her in the closet, stabbing her in the side. John runs in and fights the man, while a woman is also there trying to attack the couple. Police arrive and shoot the man dead while the woman kills herself in another room. She left a bloody symbol drawn on the wall while holding Mia's new doll. A drop of her blood falls on the doll's face and sinks into its eye.A news report is shown that the assailants were Annabelle Higgins and her boyfriend. They murdered her parents and are said to have been part of a demonic cult.The doctors say that Mia's baby is fine but there was damage to her cervix. She is ordered to stay bedridden for the remainder of her pregnancy.John takes care of Mia as she recovers. Thinking the doll is creepy and involved with the mysterious happenings, Mia asks John to throw it away. He dumps it in a bin outside. Later, John is about to make Mia some Jiffy Pop popcorn until she falls asleep.The next day, Mia is sewing and watching TV, while in the kitchen, the stove turns on by itself and heats up the Jiffy Pop. Mia cuts her finger on the sewing machine and tends to it, not aware when the Jiffy Pop catches fire. She smells the smoke and sees the fire. She tries to run out of the house, tripping over a chair, falling on her stomach, she then starts to crawl but is then dragged by an unseen force. A group of men run into the house and pull her out.John, who works at the hospital, runs to find Mia. She is unharmed, and what's more, she gave birth to a healthy baby girl. They decide to name her Lea.The family moves into a new apartment since Mia is afraid to return home. In their new place, Mia unpacks her dolls and finds that one doll (whom shall be referred to as Annabelle from here) in one of the boxes. Mia just places it alongside the other dolls.As expected, more strange activity plagues Mia and her new baby. Mia meets two neighbor children that are coloring on the stairwell. The girl tries to introduce herself but her brother tells her not to say anything to Mia since she's a stranger. When Mia returns home, she sees the drawings from the kids, which show a continuous animation of Mia wheeling Lea in the carriage and letting it go in the path of a truck, where Lea is dead. Horrified, Mia shows the pictures to John.On another occasion, Mia is alone and thinks she sees the ghost of a young girl. The door closes, and the girl starts to run to the door, then turning into the adult Annabelle Higgins. She disappears.Mia contacts the detective that told them earlier about the murders Annabelle and her boyfriend committed. He informs her of their history in the cult called The Disciples of the Ram that seeks to summon a demon by claiming a soul. This also explains the symbol that Mia keeps seeing.Mia goes to a bookstore run by a woman named Evelyn (Alfre Woodard). She gets a book called The Devil's Welcome. From that, Mia determines that the presence that is haunting her wants a soul - Lea's.The couple contacts their church's priest, Father Perez (Tony Amendola). He takes Annabelle (who looks more gray and scary with bloodshot eyes) with him to church. The ghost of Annabelle is nearby, along with a demonic-looking creature. Perez enters the church but is blown back by a powerful force and is thrown on his back. He is hurt badly, and the ghost snatches the doll.John treats Perez at the hospital while Mia meets with Evelyn. Evelyn tells Mia that she had a daughter named Ruby that was around Mia's age when she died. Ruby died in a car accident caused by Evelyn. She was so distraught and guilt-ridden that she attempted suicide by cutting her wrists. However, she claims to have heard Ruby's voice telling her that it wasn't her time.Perez warns John that it was indeed Annabelle's spirit that caused his injuries, and that she will take a soul that night. John rushes to warn Mia. In the apartment, the demonic presence haunts Mia and Evelyn. It pushes Evelyn out of the apartment and taunts Mia by locking her outside of Lea's room where the baby sits beneath the bookshelf. Heavy books fall around her while Mia screams for her baby. Annabelle (the doll) falls down and stares at Mia. Mia breaks the doorknob and runs in to grab Lea. Then, the doll appears to stand up on its own. It then seems to float in mid-air, but it's really being controlled by the demon. All around the room, her soul is written in red crayon. Mia grabs the doll and bashes it against Lea's crib and throws it on the floor. The doll then appears to turn into Lea, bloodied and dead. Mia runs over to her and cries, thinking she's killed her baby. It then turns into one of Mia's giggling dolls. She screams and asks what the demon wants. The window then opens amidst whispering sounds, with your soul written across it.John runs home as Evelyn is trying to open the door. They both break it open to find Mia ready to jump out the window with Annabelle in her hands. John pulls Mia back in before she jumps, saying there must be another way. Evelyn grabs Annabelle and decides to make the sacrifice, knowing this is the way she can atone for Ruby's death. She plunges out of the window and hits the pavement. Lea is then heard in her crib, safe and sound. John and Mia mourn Evelyn but embrace their daughter.Six months later, the Gordons have moved on and have not seen Annabelle since then. Elsewhere, a woman (the mother of one of the girls in the opening) comes into a store looking for a present for her daughter. She then spots a doll that is said to be a rare collector's item. That's when she purchases... ANNABELLE.The ending text says that the Annabelle doll resides in a case in Ed and Lorraine Warren's little museum, and that it's blessed by a priest twice a month. There is also a quote from Lorraine Warren that says evil is real, and while we can contain it, we can never get rid of it. The camera then lingers on Annabelle as though she'll make a move, before cutting to black.
tags: horror,  murder,  flashback, 

title: Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me
synopsis: A body wrapped in plastic floats down a river in Washington State. It is 17-year-old Teresa Banks (Pamela Gidley).FBI Regional Bureau Chief Gordon Cole (David Lynch) calls Agent Chester Desmond (Chris Isaak) about the mysterious murder of Teresa Banks in the town of Deer Meadow.At a small airport, Cole introduces Chester to his new partner, Sam Stanley (Kiefer Sutherland), and they receive clues from Lil the dancer. During the drive to Deer Meadow, Chet explains to Sam most of the clues Lil provided, but he does not explain the blue rose pinned to Lil's red dress. After difficulty with the local sheriff's department, namely Sheriff Cable and his Deputy Howard, Desmond and Stanley eventually view Teresa's body at a morgue. They verify that her skull was crushed, note a spot on her finger where she must have worn a ring that is not logged among the items found on her person at the time of death and discover a tiny square of paper stuck under her fingernail, upon which is typed the letter T.Late that night after completing the autopsy, Desmond and Stanley travel to Hap's Diner where Teresa worked the late shift and question the middle-aged chain-smoking owner Irene (Sandra Kinder) about Teresa. Irene tells the two agents that Teresa only worked at the diner for a month but may have had a drug problem. Irene refers to Teresa's murder as a freak accident. Irene also tells Desmond and Stanley that Teresa's left arm went completly numb three days before her death.In the morning, the agents travel to the Fat Trout Trailer Park where Teresa lived. The cranky owner Carl Rodd (Harry Dean Stanton) gives them access to her trailer. Carl serves them coffee, but he is not very helpfull in telling them much about Teresa. They notice a photo of Teresa wearing a large gold ring with a green stone on the forefinger of her left hand. This was likely the ring she was wearing when she died that is now missing.Stanley leaves Deer Meadow after finishing his part in the investigation, while Desmond remains behind. Desmond returns to the trailer park to ask Carl about Deputy Howard's trailer. While wandering around alone, Desmond discovers Teresa's missing ring under a trailer, but when he touches it he disappears.The following day at FBI headquarters in Philadelphia, Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) tells Gordon about a strange dream he had the night before. Long-lost Agent Phillip Jeffries (David Bowie) suddenly re-appears. He questions Dale Cooper's identity before telling Cole about a meeting he witnessed in a dream. As he explains, we see images of the Man from Another Place (Michael J. Anderson), BOB (Frank Silva), Mrs. Chalfont (Frances Bay), and her grandson. Jeffries begins to scream and disappears as we see shots of electrical lines. Desmond is reported missing and Agent Dale Cooper is sent to Deer Meadow to investigate his disappearance. After Cooper talks with Carl Rodd at the trailer park about a lot on the property, now vacant, where two successive families named Chalfont both kept trailers, he sees the words Let's Rock written in lipstick on the windshield of Desmond's abandoned car. The clues to Teresa Banks' murder lead to a dead end.One year later in Twin Peaks, 17-year-old high school homecoming queen Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee) and her best friend Donna Hayward (Moira Kelly) return to school. Laura snorts cocaine and secretly meets with James Hurley (James Marshall). After school, Laura talks with Donna about the difference between Hurley and Laura's actual boyfriend, the dopey Bobby Briggs (Dana Ashbrook).Later that day, Laura realizes pages are missing from her secret diary and tells her friend, an agoraphobe she met through her volunteer work with Meals on Wheels named Harold Smith (Lenny von Dohlen), about it. She claims BOB took the pages. Harold tells Laura that BOB is not real. Laura argues that BOB is real and says that he told her if she does not let him be her, he will kill her. When Harold argues, Laura appears to become possessed-- her face changes color and she growls, Fire walk with me! Returning to normal and visibly shaken, Laura gives Harold her diary to keep. She leaves, stating she does not know when, or if, she will return.In Philadelphia, Cooper tells fellow agent Albert Rosenfeld (Miguel Ferrer) that he believes the killer will strike again and describes the appearance of the person he believes the victim will be. It is clear that Cooper practices unorthodox, most likely paranormal, methods of acquiring this information. Back in Twin Peaks on her Meals on Wheels rounds, Laura sees Mrs. Chalfont and her grandson in the diner parking lot. Chalfont gives Laura a painting of an empty room with a door, and her grandson informs Laura that the man behind the mask is in Laura's room. Laura runs home and peeks into her bedroom. She sees BOB, who leers at her as he looks up from behind her dresser where she used to keep her diary. Laura rushes outside in terror and hides near a hedge. Moments later, her father, Leland (Ray Wise), emerges from the house. Laura realizes that her father could be BOB.Later that evening, at the Palmer family dinner table, Leland, upon seeing the half-heart necklace James gave her, menaces Laura and questions her about her lovers. Looking at her finger, Leland insinuates there is dirt underneath the nail. Sarah Palmer (Grace Zabriskie) pleads with her husband to leave Laura alone and Laura appears speechless with horror. Later, Leland sits on the edge of his bed rocking back and forth until he suddenly begins to weep (his original personality having re-emerged). He goes into his daughter's bedroom and tells her he loves her. After he is gone, Laura looks at a picture of an angel on her wall and asks if Leland is really BOB.Remembering the picture she received from Mrs. Chalfont that she left near the hedge, Laura goes outside to get it. After hanging it on her wall, she falls asleep. She dreams about entering the Black Lodge and about a ring. Suddenly, Cooper enters the room and we see the Man from Another Place. He tells Cooper that the Man from Another Place is the arm, and he utters an Indian whooping sound. The Man from Another Place offers the ring to Laura, but Cooper warns her not to take it. Laura finds Annie Blackburn (Heather Graham) next to her in bed, covered in blood. Annie tells Laura to write in her diary that the good Dale (Cooper) is trapped in the Black Lodge and can't leave. Laura sees the ring in her hand and is frightened. Hearing the muffled cry of her mother, Laura goes to her bedroom door. She is suddenly in the painting. When she turns she sees herself sleeping peacefully in her bed.Laura awakens in the morning, and the ring is gone from her hand. Disturbed, she removes the painting from her wall.Meanwhile, Bobby, Leo Johnson (Eric DaRe), and Jacques Renault (Walter Olkewicz) discuss drug scores. Bobby first phones Leo asking to score more drugs, but Leo hangs up on him. Bobby then calls Jacques at the Roadhouse, who agrees to send someone to meet with him in two days midnight at the sound of sawing wood.That evening, Laura is alone at home, dressed for a night out. Donna drops by, announcing that she wishes to accompany her, but Laura, annoyed, says she is not invited. Laura heads off alone to the Bang Bang Bar. As she is about to enter the bar, she encounters the Log Lady (Catherine E. Coulson), who compares the evil influences in Laura's life to a forest fire. Inside the bar, Jacques introduces Laura to two men. The group is about to leave for the Pink Room to have sex, but Donna shows up and the men in the group, impressed by her audition kiss, figure she's ready to party and invite her along.In the Pink Room, Laura discusses Teresa Banks' murder with Ronette Pulaski (Phoebe Augustine) while they both receive oral sex under the table. Ronette says that Teresa was blackmailing someone and planned to become rich that way. Laura sees one of Jacques' friends kissing Donna, who is sprawled on a table with her breasts exposed-- something snaps in Laura. She leaps to her feet in outrage, screaming at Donna not to wear her stuff, then yanks her jacket off of her drunken, oblivious friend, calling an end to the evening. The next morning, Donna awakens at home with no memory of the latter portion of the night due to the rufies their dates slipped into her beer. Laura tells Donna that she does not want Donna to become like her.Leland arrives to collect Laura and the sight of Laura and Donna talking triggers a memory of Ronette and Laura laughing on a bed together during their days turning tricks. Leland takes Laura to breakfast. On the way there, MIKE (Al Strobel), the one-armed man, shouts madly at Leland from his pick up truck during a traffic jam at the stoplight in town. Mike accuses Leland of stealing corn. He tells Laura: The look on her face when it was opened. . . There was a stillness like the formica table top. He shouts at Leland: the thread will be torn! Showing Laura the ring, Mike attempts to tell her that her father is BOB, but both Leland and Laura scream, preventing her from hearing.Leland pulls into a gas station parking lot to gather his wits and recalls his affair with Teresa (in a long flashback sequence). After having set up a foursome with Teresa's friends, Leland fled in fear when he discovered Laura was one of them. This led to Teresa's discovering who her John really was. Leland is the man she was blackmailing.Back in the present, sensing a change in her father's behavior, Laura questions him about seeing him on the day she found BOB looking for the diary. Later that night, Laura realizes the ring she saw on the hand of the one-armed man was the same one from her dream. At the same time, Leland remembers killing Teresa.The next night, Laura and Bobby take cocaine in the woods, and Jacques sends a drug messenger (the Sherriff's deputy Howard) from Deer Meadow, carrying an enormous amount of cocaine. Howard takes out a gun intending to kill him, but Bobby's quicker on the draw-- he shoots the Deputy dead and futilely tries to bury him as Laura laughs, high as a kite. She keeps telling Bobby You killed Mike! until this appears to make some kind of sense to Bobby for reasons never fully explained.The following morning, James arrives at Laura's house on his motorcycle and expresses worry about Laura taking drugs. But she tells him off, and he rides away while Leland watches them from the living room window.That evening, Leland gives his wife valium to sedate her. She falls into a stuporous sleep (after seeing a white horse in her bedroom). Leland walks into the hallway to turn on the fan. BOB comes through Laura's window and begins to rape her. She realizes BOB has taken over her father.The next morning, distraught, Laura quietly warns Leland to stay away from her. Leland finally realizes that Laura knows. Upset over the realization her father is actually his alter ego BOB, Laura cannot concentrate at school. Laura later refuses sex with Bobby, and he finally realizes that Laura was using him to get cocaine, causing him to hand over his own stash, seemingly cutting their ties. Laura arrives home and goes to her bedroom where she sees that the angel in the painting on her wall has disappeared. High on coke, Laura is preparing to meet Leo and Jacques when she receives a phone call from James, who demands to meet with her.At 9:30 pm, James picks up Laura outside her house and rides away with her while Leland watches nearby. In the woods, Laura tells James his Laura is gone. Laura also blurts out that Bobby killed a guy two nights ago.James and Laura continue to ride around on his motorcycle, but Laura jumps off the bike while it is stopped at the red traffic light at the corner of Sparkwood and 21st Street. Screaming that she loves him, Laura runs away from James, and travels deeper into the woods. Laura meets Ronette, Jacques, and Leo, and they all drive in Leo's red Corvette to Jacques' cabin where they engage in an orgy as Leland watches from outside. Jacques wants to have hard sex and ties Laura up. Leland attacks Jacques outside, sneaking up behind him and knocking him out with a liquor bottle. Leo sees Jacques laying on the ground outside and flees in panic. Leland takes Laura and Ronette, both bound, to the train car.Meanwhile, the one-rmed man, Mike, realizes that BOB / Leland is about to kill again and chases after him. As Leland is tying Laura up a second time, she asks Leland if he is going to kill her. He does not answer. Leland places a mirror in front of her. She screams after seeing her reflection turn into BOB. BOB is real. He tells Laura that he wants her.Ronette prays. She breaks down, stating that she is not ready to die because she is dirty. Suddenly an angel appears in the train car as all actions stop. The angel causes both Ronette and Laura's hands to become unbound. Hearing Mike outside begging to be let in, Ronette, now free, is able to help him open the door. When Leland sees Ronette trying to let him in, he knocks her unconscious and kicks her out of the train car. Mike is able to use this moment to throw in his ring. Laura, whose hands are also free now, dons the ring, preventing BOB from becoming her. Angered that he can't be her, BOB kills her as he promised by stabbing her repeatedly. Laura dies. Mike slips away. Leland, ignoring Ronette's unconcious body, drags Laura's body away from the train car.BOB/Leland places Laura's body in the lake. As her corpse drifts away, BOB / Leland enters the Black Lodge in the circle of small trees, where he encounters Mike and the Man from Another Place (who is seated at Mike's left side as the aforementioned arm). They tell BOB they want all their garmonbozia (pain and sorrow). BOB heals Leland's wound.Laura's body washes up on the lakeshore, where it is found by the Sheriff's department the following morning (in the very first scene of the TV series).In the final scene, Laura's well-dressed spirit later sits in the Black Lodge and notices Agent Cooper at her side; he has a hand on her shoulder. Laura looks deeply saddened until her own angel appears, and she begins to cry and then laugh. The film ends with Laura's face in white.
tags: dark,  avant garde,  mystery,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic, 

title: The Thing
synopsis: Antartica, 1982. Three Norwegian scientists are in a snow cat are following a signal. They stop suddenly, and after a few moments, a crack in the snow/ice causes the snow cat to fall into a fissure in the ice and gets wedged. The lights from the snow cat are pointed down into the fissure and reveal a spaceship.Sander, a Norwegian scientist, visits an American Paleontologist, named Kate, and tells her that they have discovered a structure and an organism and convinces her to come to Antartica.Kate and her colleague, Adam, fly in a helicopter to the Norwegian camp in Antarctica piloted by Americans Carter and Jameson. They get to camp and meet the other Norwegians including Edvard who is in charge of the camp and Lars, a mechanic who is the only one that doesn't speak any English and has an Alaskan Malamute.Upon arrival, Kate and Adam and the Norwegians get into a snow cat and go to the site where we see a full view of the top of the ship in the ice. Some distance from the ship, they show Kate the strange-looking organism encased in ice. Back at camp they discuss the removal of the organism.The organism is removed and is in a wooden room back at the camp still encased in the ice block. Sander tells the team that he wants to take a tissue sample first, which Kate objects to as they need to do sterilization and take other precautionary measures. He tells her not to question him again in front of the others. They drill a hole into the ice and remove a frozen flesh sample from the organism and place it in a petri dish.Later, in the camp's rec room, the entire team is partying and realize the discovery they have made: aliens. Meanwhile, the ice block is beginning to melt. While everyone is partying, a shot cuts to the Alaskan malamute in its cage and it's barking and trying to get out. Jameson comes out of the bathroom and goes into the room with the ice block. Lars scares him by yelling 'boo' from behind and then Lars leaves. All of a sudden, the unseen Thing breaks out of the ice and jumps through the ceiling. Jameson runs back to the rec room and tells the others the Thing is alive and escaped. They all go to the room and see the ice block with the hole that the Thing left from escaping. Sander instructs the teams to divide into twos and threes and to search for the Thing. One pair goes to the dog's kennel and finds a big hole in the wall with a lot of blood and some fur.Two Norwegians, Henrik and Olav, see the Thing under one of the buildings. Seen for the first time, the Thing resembles a large beetle in that it is slimy, has multi crab-like legs, a large mouth with giant teeth, and tentacles. One of the tentacles shoots out and goes through Henrik's chest, splattering blood on Olav's face. The Thing then pulls Henrik back under the building and starts to eat him. Olav screams and they all come running. They start to shoot at the Thing with their rifles with little effect, other than causing the Thing to jump inside the building it was under and to climb up it. The team douses it with kerosine and sets it afire. The Thing, with Henrik still hanging halfway out of its mouth, falls to the ground dead.The team goes back inside, and all are in a daze. Olav is being treated and looks very ill. Juliette, the only other female on the Norwegian team, is consoled by one of the men. Carter tells the team that he will take Olav back to civilization in the morning as he needs medical help. Sander then tells the team that although Henrik has died, they are still scientists, and this may be their only chance to study the Thing. He has the burned remains of the Thing brought back inside. They autopsy the Thing, and inside they see the upper half of Henrik's body, and Kate comments that his skin looks almost new. Kate then pulls out a metal piece and asks what it is. Henrik's colleagues tell her that Henrik had a titanium bar placed in his arm to stabilize a fracture. Kate asks, then why was it outside of his body? Later Kate and Adam look at the cells from the Thing under a microscope. Not only are the cells still alive but they are overtaking Henrik's cells and then replicating them.The next morning, as Carter and Jameson prepare the helicopter, Kate is in the bathroom. She sees something bloody on the floor and picks them up with a napkin. It is four bloody, silver fillings. She then looks in the shower and sees a lot of blood, but no body. Olav and another Norwegian, Griggs, get into the helicopter with Carter and Jameson and the four take off. Kate runs outside to stop them. Carter sees her flagging them down and decides to land. Olav asks if anything is wrong, as he looks terrible. Griggs assures him everything is OK and then Griggs' face splits in half. Griggs has been replicated, and he attacks Olav. Kate and Sander watch as the helicopter goes out of control and crashes behind the mountain apparently killing all four of them. Sander asks her why she tried to stop them.Back inside, the team is all together, and Kate explains she found silver fillings in the bathroom. She tells them about the cells replicating and that her theory is that the Thing is able to replicate any organism perfectly. However, it cannot replicate inorganic matter such as metal teeth fillings and the metal piece inside Henrik. So, it spits those out. No one wants to believe her, and they decide to have a few of the team take the snow cat to go get help at a nearby Russian camp. Juliette stays behind with Kate and tells her that she saw Colins, another team member, with a rag coming from the bathroom. Kate tells her that they need to stop the team from leaving, and Juliette says she knows where the keys are to the snow cats.They go into a room and as Kate searches in a drawer for the keys she hears a slimy noise from behind. It is Juliette splitting in half. The Juliette-Thing tries to attack her, but Kate runs out of the room, down the hall, and passes another Norwegian and tells him to run. He doesn't, and the Juliette-Thing stabs him with a tentacle. Kate shuts the door to the hallway, and Adam and Lars arrive. Lars has a flame thrower pack. They open the door and Lars blasts Juliette-Thing and the other Norwegian with fire.The team gathers around, and Kate tells them the Thing is like a virus. Apparenly, anyone who gets blood or part of the Thing's cells onto them becomes taken over. She asks Adam what they should do about viruses. Adam says Quarantine and that they isolate it and then destroy it. They decide to do a blood test to determine who is the Thing. Adam and Sander work in the lab while Lars and Kate dismantle all the snow cats. Lars shows Kate a stash of grenades. As they head back, they see part of the camp on fire and it is the lab. They then see two people approaching from the distance. It is Jameson and Carter. Everyone thinks they must be Thing replicas because they couldn't have just walked away from the helicopter crash. They lock them both up.The team starts to accuse one another, and Kate says she knows another test. She gets a flashlight and tells Lars to open his mouth. We see that he has fillings in his teeth. She explains to the team that the Thing replicas would not have fillings. Everyone is eliminated as a suspect except for Sander, Edvard, Colins, and Adam who do not have any fillings in their theeth. These four are held at gunpoint while Kate tells Lars to go get Jameson and Carter. Lars and another Norwegian, Jonas, go to the building holding Jameson and Carter, but they aren't there. They have escaped through a hole in the floor. Lars goes to search after them and runs into a building and gets grabbed inside. Jonas runs back to the others to tell them that Carter and Jameson have killed Lars.Carter and Jameson (who is armed with a flame thrower) come into the building, and they have a stand off with Peder. The rest of the team hide behind Peder. Edvard yells at Peder to kill Carter and Jameson. Just before Peder blasts them with his flame thrower, Jameson shoots Peder in the head with a gun but also hits the flame thrower tank and gas pours out. The gas reaches the flame on the end of the flame thrower and explodes. Edvard is thrown down severly wounded by the blast. This gives Carter and Jameson the upper hand as they have all the weapons. They get everyone to go into the rec room, and two of the Norwegians carry Edvard.Once in the room, Edvard's arms suddenly detach from his body and transform into miniature Things, one of which attacks Jonas and attaches to his face. The main Edvard-Thing then grows a tentacle which stabs and severely wounds Adam, then fatally wounds Jameson. Kate and Carter try to get the flamethrower working, but are unable to do so due to trapped air in the main fuel line. The Edvard-Thing sprouts a new set of arms and legs and crawls over to Adam, and then starts to meld with him, causing their faces to attach. Kate tries to blast the Edvard/Adam Thing with the flame thrower, but it escapes outside and falls down in the snow. She returns to the rec room and finds Jonas being assimilated by the Arm-Thing, and kills them both with the flamethrower. Carter sits with Jameson until Jameson dies. Carter moves aside, so Kate can blast the dead Jameson with the flame thrower. Among all this chaos, Collins flees into the compound.Kate and Carter hunt for the Thing. Meanwhile, Sander is hiding behind a desk, but the Thing (which has now fully absorbed Adam into itself) finds him and attacks him. Carter and Kate split up, and the Thing follows Carter into the kitchen. Just before it attacks Carter, Kate blasts it with the flame thrower, seemingly killing it. They see the Sander Thing escape in a snow cat. Carter tells Kate to let him go, that he'll freeze, and he has nowhere to go. Kate says that he does have somewhere to go: the ship on the coast.Kate and Carter get into the other snow cat and head towards the ship. As they get out, Kate focuses on the earring in Carter's left ear. Carter also tells her that they didn't kill Lars. They walk towards an open hatch in the ship, but the ship activates and Kate falls through a hole into the ship. Carter enters through the hatch. Kate gets to a point in the ship that looks like the energy source (it looks like a bunch of pixels). Behind her is the Sander Thing and he chases her into a tunnel. Kate grabs a grenade as the Thing pulls her out of the tunnel. She throws the grenade into the Thing's mouth, which blows up, and destroys it and the ship's energy source.Back at the snow cat, Carter gets in and tells Kate to put the flame thrower in the back. She stays outside the Cat and tells Carter You know how I knew you were human back at the camp? Your earring. Carter has no earring now. He reaches up and tugs at his right ear. Kate says It was the other ear and she douses him with the flame thrower. She gets into the other cat (that the Sander Thing had used) and rides away.In between the end credits, we cut back to a helicopter landing at the camp. A dead, frozen Colins sits at the radio. He has slit his own throat. The Norwegian helicopter pilot yells out if anyone is around, and a gun shoots at him. It's Lars, the only one left behind and not infected. Then the Alaskan Malamute jumps out, and Lars tries to shoot the dog. The dog runs off. Lars yells at the helicopter pilot that it's no dog and to get into the helicopter.Lars and the other Norwegian pilot chase and shoot at the dog from the helicopter, and it's the same opening scene from the 1982 movie The Thing.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder,  claustrophobic, 

title: The Amazing Mr. Blunden
synopsis: Its 1917. A black wreath is put on the front door of a terraced house. Soon after, a mother with 2 children and a baby are seen moving out of the house.Its now a dark early Christmas evening and a smartly dressed old man is weaving his way through the market in Camden Town, noticeably shying away from a lit brazier. He knocks on the door of a dingy basement flat to which this family has now moved. He quickly explains he is not a rent collector but a partner in a firm of solicitors Blunden, Blunden, Claverton and a 4th member he cannot remember, who are seeking a reliable person to act as caretaker to a property in the firms charge. He is reluctant to go into details other than its a bit remote, but there is a rent-free caretakers cottage and the duties would be light. Saddled with little money other than a widow's pension and large debts, the mother (Mrs Allen) is tempted. The old man asks the 2 children Lucy (Lynn Frederick) and James (Garry Miller) if they would be afraid if they saw ghosts - say of children their age or an old man such as himself. He warns them they will hear tales about the house but when the time comes, they will know what to do.When the family accept his proposal, he visibly brightens and outside disappears mysteriously, saying to Lucy and James We 3 Kings of Orient are my dears.Next day the family present themselves at the solicitors address. The clerk is puzzled as the job had not yet been advertised but shows Mrs Allen in to the partner Mr Claverton. Whilst waiting for their mother, Lucy and Tom see a picture of their visitor - Mr Blunden. The clerk retorts that is a picture of the current Mr Blunden's great grandfather who died 100 years ago and doubted if they had seen even the current Mr Blunden who was bedridden and senile.Mr Claverton delightedly offers the post to Mrs Allen and soon the family is travelling by bus to Langley Park, Buckinghamshire. The house proves to be derelict and overgrown and the cottage very sparse. They go to bed that night wondering what they have done.Next morning Lucy explores the house which has been extensively damaged. She hears childrens voices upstairs but is then startled by the presence of Elsie Tucker the daily cleaner. She mysteriously tells Lucy that the voices she hears are only kiddies.The following day the sun is shining and Lucy is happily picking flowers when out of a sudden mist she sees two figures approaching. She initially flees to find James but both return in time for the approach of two children dressed in old clothes. The ghost children, called Sara and Georgie, are pleased that Lucy and James have not run away and Sara recounts their story. Their parents had tragically died in a carriage accident in 1818. Their father's half brother Uncle Bertie, who lived in London, became their guardian as had the family solicitor Mr Blunden. Uncle Bertie, despite appearances, was short of money and often returned to Langley Park to steal and pawn the family silver. He subsequently married Bella, a simple chorus girl, and with her parents moved into Langley Park. He admitted to his new mother-in-law Mrs Wickens (Diana Dors) that he was hopelessly embarrassed financially. He explained that 10 year old Master Georgie was the only member of his family with money - £30,000 which was held in trust for him until he was 21. Uncle Bertie and Bella would only inherit this money if Georgie died before then.
Appalled at this revelation, Mrs Wickens assumed the role of housekeeper and sacked most of the staff at Langley Park as part of an economy drive. Mrs Wickens then got the idea that if the children caught their death of cold, her Bella would be in the money. She fed Sara and Georgie only on scraps and ordered the remaining servant - the timid Meakins - to make sure when she took their food up to their room that their window was left open during the cold nights. However Tom the gardeners son was very fond of Sara and used to climb up the drainpipe to their bedroom to provide them with newspaper to go under their bedding to help keep them warm and then close the window on his way downSome months passed until one night Sara and Georgie overheard the frustrated Mrs Wickens saying it was taking too long and a quick accident was now required. Sara burst in on Uncle Bertie to tell him and also wrote to Mr Blunden explaining their plight but neither believed her and ordered Mrs Wickens to prevent them running away at all costs by locking their window and bedroom door.That following night Georgie saw a message appearing on the window which said look in library. Meakin had forgotten to lock the door so they crept down to the dusty old library. They saw an arrow drawn in the dust pointing to a book which contained a single sheet headed A charm to move the wheel of time. It contained a recipe for which they had found the necessary herbs in the garden to concoct a potion, trying it first on the unsuspecting Mrs Wickens to make sure it wasn't poisonous. They used the potion to travel forward in time to try and get help and now Lucy and James are the first to stay and listen to their story. Their own potion is wearing off but before they leave Sara begs Lucy and James for their help and gives them the recipe for making it so they could travel back with her in future.The next day the children are in church when James gets Lucy to leave with him early to search the graveyard. Lucy refuses to help but James finds a grave for Sara and George Latimer dated April 21st 1818 ie 100 years ago tomorrow. They are startled by the sexton who says he's been there 40 years and knows the stories of each grave. He says a fire started in the library while the children lay in their beds and nobody could get to them to save them. He showed them another unmarked grave which his grandfather had told him belonged to the gardener's son, trying to save them by climbing up the drainpipe but he had fallen to his death.He said one of the guardians had left for London but his carriage had broken down. When he saw the flames he rode back to no avail saying over and over again that he was too late and subsequently died of a broken heart.Lucy and James now brew up the potion and meet Sara in the garden who says Georgie has been locked in the cellar. She begs them to return with her. Mr Blunden also appears and says he has a chance to put things right, promising them he will guard them and no harm will come to them.Lucy and James take the potion and travel back to 1818. They meet Tom who excitedly reckons they have come from America - the new world - where one day he hopes to go. They quickly realise no adults can see them, the exception being Bella who has the mind of a child. They spook her into getting her mother to release Georgie from the cellar.That night the 4 children eavesdrop on a dinner involving the Mr and Mrs Wickens, Uncle Bertie and Bella and Mr Blunden. As Mr Blunden leaves with Uncle Bertie, Sara and Georgie rush down to beg them to stay. The children are carted off by Mrs Wickens and the ghost of Mr Blunden appears to James, telling him to wait until the time comes. Then the ghost Mr Blunden goes down the stairs to be subsumed into the body of the living Mr Blunden.Lucy and James realise the nursery where Sara and Georgie sleep is above the library where the fire will start. They try unsuccessfully to get the keys off Mrs Wickens and rush outside to see Mr Wickens carrying a bundle of wood to the fire he has just started outside the library. Lucy waits for Tom who climbs the drainpipe to rescue Sara and Georgie, while James goes for an axe to break down the locked bedroom door. Mr Wickens sees Tom and tries to pull down the drainpipe but Lucy sufficiently distracts Mr Wickens to enable James to smash down the bedroom door and then smash the window locks to enable Tom to clamber in to safety. They find Sara and Georgie have been drugged but James leads Sara first and then Tom outside to Lucy and safety.James is afraid to go back in to the inferno to rescue Georgie but Mr Blunden appears back on horseback and promises they will go in together and he will protect James. They find Georgie and Mr Blunden pushes James and Georgie to safety before succumbing to the fire saying Thank you Thank you. Georgie stumbles out of the house but theres no sign of James, leaving Lucy screaming for him and crying You're always too late Mr Blunden.Her potion now wears off and shes back in the garden in her own time. She eventually finds an unconscious James lying outside the house and he is taken to his room.Next day being Sunday and with James still unconscious in bed, Lucy is in church when she suddenly decides to search the graveyard. This time there is only a gravestone for Mr Blunden with the inscription He gave his life to save the children in his care and dated April 21st 1818.As she wanders back home, her mother calls out that James is awake. Lucy tells James what she saw and they laugh with relief that the rescue had been successful.Sometime later a car pulls up and Clutterbuck gets out for a private meeting with their mother. Lucy and James gloomily say goodbye to the house and garden when their mother calls them. Clutterbuck says that Mr Blunden had suddenly got out of his sick bed the previous Thursday and ordered him to find the papers on the marriage of Miss Sara and Master Tom who are now revealed to be great-grandparents of their father. Sara Latimer had married a Tom Mortimer and they had sailed to America. As direct descendants, this makes James and Lucy legal owners of the house and cottage with an annual allowance of £500 for the rest of their lives.Clutterbuck leads them back to the car where he says all will be revealed. Inside is Mr Blunden and in reply to the childrens' question which one are you? says We 3 Kings of Orient are and gives them a wink.In front of their bemused mother, Lucy and James rush delightedly round the garden before the cast give their farewells.
tags: horror,  cruelty,  haunting,  flashback, 

title: Gwoemul
synopsis: In 2002, an American military pathologist orders his Korean assistant to dump 200 bottles of formaldehyde down a drain leading into the Han River. Over the next four years, there are sightings of a strange amphibious creature in the waterway, and the fish in the river die off. A suicidal man, just before jumping into the river, sees something dark moving in the water.
In 2006, a slow-witted young man named Park Gang-du (Song Kang-ho) runs a small snack-bar in a park near the River with his father, Hee-bong (Byun Hee-bong). Other family members are Gang-du's daughter, Hyun-seo (Go Ah-sung); his sister Nam-joo (Bae Doona), a national medalist archer; and his brother, Nam-il (Park Hae-il), an alcoholic college graduate and former political activist.
While Gang-du is delivering food to some customers, a huge creature emerges from the Han River and begins attacking people. Gang-du sees his daughter in the crowd and tries to grab her and run. As he realizes he grabbed on the wrong girl, he sees the creature snatching Hyun-seo and diving back into the river. After a mass funeral for the victims, government representatives and the American military arrive and quarantine people who had contact with the creature, including Gang-du and his family. It is announced that the creature is not only a direct danger, but also the host of a deadly, unknown virus.
Gang-du is in a hospital when he receives a phone call from Hyun-seo. She is on the phone long enough to explain that she is trapped somewhere in the sewers with the creature, but her phone stops working shortly after. Gang-du tries to explain this to others, but his claims go ignored by all except his family. The four of them escape the hospital. Hee-bong buys a truck, weapons, and a map of the sewers to look for Hyun-seo. They find a snack bar, have a meal and rest. Upon waking up, they encounter the creature. Soon, they discover their gun only serves to anger it, and Hee-bong gets himself killed buying time for his children to escape. Gang-du is captured by the Army. Nam-il and Nam-joo escape but are separated from each other.
Two homeless boys, Se-jin and Se-joo, are searching for food when they are attacked and swallowed by the creature. It returns to its sleeping area in the sewer, a large hole, and regurgitates them. Only Se-Joo is alive. Hyun-seo helps Se-Joo hide in a spot the creature cannot reach.
Nam-il meets an old friend to trace the location of Hyun-seo's call. He learns that the government has placed a bounty on his family. The friend tries to capture Nam-il, but he manages to escape after obtaining Hyun-seo's general location. He texts the location to Nam-joo and Gang-du. He meets a homeless man (Yoon Je-moon) who knows about the quarantine but decided to stay in the city. After learning of Nam-il's intentions, the man decides to help him. Gang-du overhears the scientists discussing the fact that there is no virus; it is all made up to distract people from the creature's origin. The scientists decide to lobotomize Gang-du to silence him. Gang-du escapes by taking one of the nurses hostage and continues searching for his daughter.
Back in the sewers, while the creature is sleeping, Hyun-seo makes a rope from old clothes and uses it to get out of the hole. She realizes too late that the creature only feigns sleep to lure her out of her hiding spot. Hyun-seo and Se-joo are swallowed by the creature.
The government announces the plan to release a chemical called Agent Yellow into the river and the surrounding area, hoping it will kill the creature. Gang-du finds the creature's sleeping spot but sees no one there. As Gang-du climbs down to the hole, the monster passes over him. He sees Hyun-seo's arm hanging out of its mouth and gives chase, meeting Nam-joo on the way. The creature makes its way to the location where Agent Yellow is released and a large crowd has formed in protest.
As the creature attacks the crowd, Agent Yellow is released, which appears to stun the creature. Gang-du pulls Hyun-seo out of its mouth and sees her still clutching Se-joo. The boy is still alive, but Hyun-seo is already dead.
As the creature wakes up, Gang-du starts to attack it but is knocked to the ground. Nam-il and the homeless man come to Gang-du's aid. While Nam-il throws Molotov cocktails at the creature, the homeless man pours gasoline onto it. Nam-il accidentally drops his last bottle. Nam-joo picks up the flaming cloth from the bottle with one of her arrows and fires it at the creature, setting it on fire. Before the creature can escape into the water, Gang-du impales it with a metal pole, finally killing it. As Nam-il and Nam-joo hold Hyun-seo, mourning her death, Gang-du picks up Se-joo and takes him to safety.
In the final scene, Gang-du has adopted Se-joo. The two live in his food stand, and he still watches over the river. They have a meal together, ignoring a news broadcast about the aftermath of the incident.
tags: comedy,  realism,  cult,  horror,  violence,  satire, 

title: A Christmas Carol
synopsis: Dickens divided the book into five chapters, which he labelled staves.
=== Stave one ===
The story begins on a cold and bleak Christmas Eve in London, seven years after the death of Ebenezer Scrooge's business partner, Jacob Marley. Scrooge, an old miser, hates Christmas and refuses an invitation to Christmas dinner from his nephew Fred. He turns away two men who seek a donation from him in order to provide food and heating for the poor, and only grudgingly allows his overworked, underpaid clerk, Bob Cratchit, Christmas Day off with pay to conform to the social custom.
At home that night, Scrooge is visited by Marley's ghost, who wanders the Earth, entwined by heavy chains and money boxes, forged during a lifetime of greed and selfishness. Marley tells Scrooge that he has one chance to avoid the same fate: he will be visited by three spirits and he must listen to them or be cursed to carry chains of his own, much longer than Marley's chains.
=== Stave two ===
The first of the spirits, the Ghost of Christmas Past, takes Scrooge to Christmas scenes of Scrooge's boyhood and youth, reminding him of a time when he was more innocent. The boyhood scenes portray Scrooge's lonely childhood, his relationship with his beloved sister Fan, and a Christmas party hosted by his first employer, Mr. Fezziwig, who treated Scrooge like a son. They also portray Scrooge's neglected fiancée Belle, who ends their relationship after she realises that Scrooge will never love her as much as he loves money. Finally, they visit a now-married Belle with her large, happy family on a recent Christmas Eve.
=== Stave three ===
The second spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Present, takes Scrooge to a joy-filled market of people buying the makings of Christmas dinner and celebrations of Christmas in a miner's cottage and in a lighthouse. Scrooge and the ghost also visit Fred's Christmas party. A major part of this stave is taken up with Bob Cratchit's family feast and introduces his youngest son, Tiny Tim, a happy boy who is seriously ill. The spirit informs Scrooge that Tiny Tim will die soon unless the course of events changes. Before disappearing, the spirit shows Scrooge two hideous, emaciated children named Ignorance and Want. He tells Scrooge to beware the former above all and mocks Scrooge's concern for their welfare.
=== Stave four ===
The third spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, shows Scrooge a Christmas Day in the future. The ghost shows him scenes involving the death of a disliked man. The man's funeral will only be attended by local businessmen if lunch is provided. His charwoman, his laundress, and the local undertaker steal some of his possessions and sell them to a fence. When Scrooge asks the ghost to show anyone who feels any emotion over the man's death, the ghost can only show him the pleasure of a poor couple in debt to the man, rejoicing that his death gives them more time to put their finances in order. After Scrooge asks to see some tenderness connected with any death, the ghost shows him Bob Cratchit and his family mourning the passing of Tiny Tim. The ghost then shows Scrooge the man's neglected grave, whose tombstone bears Scrooge's name. Sobbing, Scrooge pledges to the ghost that he will change his ways to avoid this outcome.
=== Stave five ===
Scrooge awakens on Christmas morning a changed man. He spends the day with Fred's family and anonymously sends a large turkey to the Cratchit home for Christmas dinner. The following day he gives Cratchit an increase in pay and becomes like another father to Tiny Tim. From then on Scrooge began to treat everyone with kindness, generosity and compassion, embodying the spirit of Christmas.
tags: horror, 

title: Deliver Us from Evil
synopsis: The movie opens in Iraq in 2010. A small group of soldiers are running through a war zone in the desert when they encounter a man-made underground cave. The group leader, Lt. Griggs, sends two soldiers (Jimmy Tratner and Mike Santino) to investigate. Jimmy is recording. Underground, the camera light starts to flicker and then eventually dies out completely. Jimmy and Santino are heard screaming, and then the night vision comes on to reveal hundreds of bats exiting the cave around the two men. Santino produces a light and walks over a river of human skulls to the back of the cave, despite Jimmy's pleas to leave. He illuminates the back wall of the cave, which has a Latin inscription on it.The movie then flashes forward to present day 2013, in New York. Detective Ralph Sarchie is seen trying to give mouth to mouth to a very small bundle, which is revealed to be a dead baby. The coroner asks him repeatedly to let go, but he has trouble doing so and is clearly affected by the experience. The next scene shows Sarchie and his partner, Butler, patrolling the streets of New York. They hear a call coming in about a domestic dispute case and Sarchie says they'll take it. Butler, an adrenaline junkie, is excited because apparently Sarchie has a radar that causes him to take cases that take unusual, often violent turns. The call is about Jimmy Tratner. They pull up to his house and Jimmy answers the door. Sarchie needs to see his wife so Jimmy lets them inside. The wife, sitting on the sofa, lifts her head to show she has been badly beaten. Sarchie and Butler immediately try to arrest Jimmy, who fights back with a knife, slashing Sarchie's arm, and then sprints away. They eventually catch him, with Sarchie beating him so badly that Butler has to pull him away, and arrest him. Sarchie notices Jimmy's fingernails are bleeding.After Sarchie gets stitches in his arm, the two get a call for the local zoo. Upon arriving, the police at the scene tell them a woman has thrown her 2-year-old boy into the lion's pit. Luckily, the pit is being repainted, so the lions are not there, but the boy was badly injured. In the ensuing chaos, the woman escaped and the power went out. Sarchie and Butler split up and look for the woman. Sarchie notices the animals are going crazy and eventually finds the woman trying to dig into the ground with her bare fingernails. She is also constantly repeating the lyrics to a song by The Doors. While arresting her, they notice a man in a hood, presumably the painter, in the lion enclosure. Sarchie wants to talk to him but he just slowly walks away, farther into the lion's pit. Sarchie follows him when suddenly the two lions are out in the enclosure. He barely escapes.Upon taking the woman, named Jane, to the station, they are met by a priest named Mendoza. He wants to know more about Jane's behaviour, saying he's been close with her for years and that she isn't insane. He says there are two types of evil: secondary evil, which man does, and primary evil, which is something else entirely. He believes Jane is possessed. Sarchie doesn't believe the priest but takes his card anyway.The two are filling out the paperwork for the night when Sarchie gets a video message from his wife, Jen, and his young daughter, Christina, saying goodnight. Butler tells him the zoo will get them the video for the night's incidents in a few days. Sarchie overhears two other detectives talking about a case where a woman got a call from her father, who's been dead for seven years, to shut the door, the damn door. Seeing a connection between the woman in the zoo and this case (the Doors), Sarchie offers to take the case off their hands. He and Butler go to a house where the family says they think the house is possessed and that strange sounds have been coming from the basement, which was recently being painted. None of the lights in their house work, none of the candles will burn, and every time they replace a light bulb it burns out within a few hours. Sarchie and Butler go down the stairs to investigate. The place reeks and hasn't been touched for some time. Butler goes upstairs for air, and Sarchie's radio starts making static for no reason. He eventually finds a body in the basement rolled up in a tarpaulin, later to be revealed to be Lt. Griggs. Sarchie questions the family and they identify his picture as a painter. They say there was another painter too, but they didn't see his face as he always had a hood on.Sarchie goes home to see his wife and daughter. The next morning Jen and Christina go to church, but Sarchie doesn't go. Jen tells Christina he used to go to church but doesn't any more. He doesn't believe any more.Sarchie and Butler go to Griggs's apartment and discover he was Jane's husband. His apartment is a wreck. They find another picture with Lt. Griggs, Jimmy, and a man named Santino in it. Upon looking him up, they discover all three were dishonourably discharged for attacking an army chaplain. They served time and got out a couple of years ago. Sarchie recognizes Santino as the painter from the lion enclosure and they further infer he is the painter from the house. Lt. Griggs was found to have killed himself by drinking paint thinner, but Santino had to have been the one to wrap him in the tarpaulin.The zoo has finally sent over the footage from the night the detectives were there. First, they watch the video of Jane. She is seen walking past the lion pit with a stroller when she spots Santino there, painting over something that looks like an inscription. He turns to face her and she starts to shake violently and then throws her child into the pit. He turns back and continues painting as if nothing happened. Next, they watch the video of Sarchie in the lion pit. Santino is shown walking away from Sarchie and turning a corner to let the lions out of where they're being kept, seemingly talking to them. Sarchie hears static again even though his radio is off and children's laughter. Then, a bloodied man pops up on the screen for a split second, startling him. Butler doesn't hear or see anything.Meanwhile, there is a scene where Christina is home going to sleep. She hears scratching under her bed and runs to her mum's room screaming. Sarchie goes home for the night and is met by Jen, who is angry at him because he yelled at his daughter and because even when he's home he's not really there. He gets mad and tells her he's had a terrible week. She says he doesn't talk to her any more and he says he'll try to be better. He goes to check on his daughter and finds nothing in her room until he sees the bloodied man over her bed in the mirror. He whips back around and the man is gone.Sarchie continues to hear static and children's voices, so he goes to meet the priest Mendoza at a pub. Mendoza is drinking but explains he used to be hooked on heroin, and that it eventually led him to God when he hit rock bottom. He lets Sarchie listen to an audio clip of an exorcism of a woman Claudia and her 5 year old daughter. The clip deeply affects Sarchie. Sarchie lets Mendoza take a look at the clips, and Mendoza doesn't hear the voices or see the man. However, Mendoza claims Sarchie's radar might actually be a heightened awareness to all things occult and evil, which is both a gift and a curse.Throughout the movie, Sarchie's family situation is becoming worse. He is distant from his wife and Christina's room is seemingly becoming increasingly haunted. One night, she hears the scratching again and her door won't open. Another night, her toys come alive on their own and move toward her. Jen is mad at Sarchie, saying Christina doesn't feel safe in her own home because she needs her father.Jane, in a mental ward, incapacitates the physician and escapes.Sarchie goes back to Jimmy's wife's house and sees the recordings from the war, including the one from the beginning of the film. Mrs. Tratner says she hasn't seen Jimmy since he got arrested, though he is out of jail. Sarchie views the recording and sees the inscription. He discovers the inscription is everywhere Santino is seen painting - the zoo, the house with the haunted basement, the cave in Iraq, even Jimmy's apartment. Mendoza explains the inscription is a portal to Hell. This explains why all the references are to the Doors, a type of portal.Butler and Sarchie find Santino's address. They, along with Mendoza, go to his apartment to wait for him. Butler is covering the front and Sarchie is in the car with Mendoza in the back. Mendoza says Sarchie needs to confess to God for him to help any further. Before Sarchie can do so, he spots Santino coming back into the apartment complex. He and Butler enter his apartment but he isn't there. They try to chase him down but they get split up, resulting in Sarchie getting attacked by a possessed Jimmy, who appears in the basement, and Butler getting trapped on the stairs. Mendoza is able to subdue Jimmy with his cross. Butler is stabbed to death in the stairwell by Santino.Back at Mendoza's apartment, Sarchie is upset about not being able to save Butler. Mendoza tells him to confess to him. He does, and explains he has killed a man out of revenge before. Mendoza absolves him of his sins.When Sarchie is driving home, Jane jumps to her death onto his car. When he is calling it in, he gets a call from Jen's phone, only to realize it's Santino on the phone, who has kidnapped his wife and daughter. He races home to find Santino and calls backup. They arrest Santino and bring him in. Mendoza and Sarchie are forced to do an exorcism. It is long and taxing for both, with Sarchie at one point only being able to hear a song by the Doors. Eventually, they expel the demon, and Sarchie finds his wife and daughter unharmed.It is revealed that after the birth of his second daughter, Sarchie retired from the police force and works with Mendoza to this day.
tags: neo noir,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  flashback,  suspenseful, 

title: Bride of Chucky
synopsis: Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly), a former lover and accomplice of serial killer Charles Lee Ray (Brad Dourif), acquires Chucky's remains after bribing and later murdering a police officer who removed the dismembered children's doll parts from an evidence locker. Believing Ray's soul to be inhabiting the doll, Tiffany crudely stitches Chucky back together and reenacts the voodoo ritual which instilled Ray inside the doll a decade ago. Though her chants initially fail to produce results, Chucky unexpectedly springs to life and smothers Tiffany's goth admirer, Damien (Alexis Arquette), as Tiffany looks on with excitement. Chucky, who is still intent on becoming human again, lays out a plan to retrieve the body-switching amulet Ray was wearing on the night he was killed. The amulet was buried along with his body in a cemetery in Hackensack, New Jersey.Hoping to pick up where she and Ray left off, Tiffany presents Chucky with a diamond ring which he left for her. Upon realizing that Tiffany believed the gift to be an engagement ring, Chucky bursts out laughing, explaining that he stole it from one of his wealthier victims when he was a notorious human serial killer. Heartbroken and enraged, Tiffany punishes Chucky by locking him in a playpen. That next morning, Tiffany approaches a young neighbor, Jesse (Nick Stabile) with an offer to ferry Chucky's body across state lines in exchange for money. Eager to elope with his girlfriend, Jade (Katherine Heigl), and having been foiled in the past by her possessive uncle, Chief Warren Kincaid (John Ritter), Jesse accepts the offer.Inside Tiffany's mobile home, Chucky tries to woo her into freeing him. As a mocking gesture, Tiffany responds by lowering a female children's doll, clad in a miniature wedding dress, into Chucky's playpen. Now irate, Chucky breaks free and surprises Tiffany while she is bathing, dropping a television set into her bathtub and electrocuting her to death. Still dragging the bridal doll, Chucky then recites the familiar voodoo chant, transferring Tiffany's soul into the doll. Chucky blackmails her by pointing out her only hope for becoming human again is to help him steal the amulet. After Tiffany makes a series of vivid alterations to her doll body, the killers pretend to be inanimate as Jesse arrives to pick up the dolls. He then goes to rendezvous with Jade, unaware that the dolls plan on appropriating their bodies once they have the amulet.Midway into the trip, Jade's uncle tracks down the van and starts to inspect it while the couple is away. Annoyed by Kincaid's interference, the killers rig a trap which embeds several nails into the Chief's face, then hide his body inside an onboard trunk. Later, Jesse and Jade stop for supplies and attract the notice of a police officer, who detects the scent of marijuana (which Chucky is smoking). Chucky mistakenly throws the narcotics into view, giving the officer enough cause to detain Jesse. Chucky sneaks over to the officer's squad car, stuffs a wadded-up shirt into the gas tank, and lights it on fire, killing the officer in an explosion.Shaken by the prospect that one of them might be a murderer, Jesse and Jade nevertheless stop at a couples-only hotel to get married. During the ceremony, Chief Kincaid awakens and rises out from the trunk in which Chucky and Tiffany had hidden him. Before he can crawl away, Chucky stabs him repeatedly in the back and re-deposits his body inside the trunk. Meanwhile, Jesse and Jade make the acquaintance of a pair of swingers who pickpocket their money. Tiffany follows the thieves to their private room and tosses a bottle of champagne at the mirrored ceiling above their bed, fatally impaling the couple with shards of glass. Chucky is aroused by this spectacle, and dolls have sex in the blood-soaked room.After a maid discovers the corpse that next morning, Jesse and Jade are both convinced that the other is a killer. Following another escape, they are surprised to run into their mutual friend and confidante, David (Gordon Michael Woolvett), who informs them that they are wanted for multiple murders. Whilst driving, David convinces both to stop accusing each other and patch things up. Upon realizing their misunderstanding, Jesse and Jade resolve their differences. However, David smells a foul odor and uncovers Jade's dead uncle inside the trunk. Concealing his horror, David carefully takes the Chief's gun and order Jesse to pull over, prompting Chucky to reveal himself to everyone. Startled by what he has seen, David unknowingly backs into the path of an oncoming semi truck and is fatally struck before figuring out Jade and Jesse are innocent. A radio announcement informs Chucky the fingerprints found at the scene have been identified as those of Charles Lee Ray, and that authorities plan to exhume his body as part of the investigation.With the van now under suspicion, the dolls transfer their quarry into a stolen recreational vehicle. Jesse is forced to be their driver while Tiffany gives Jade a makeover, getting her ready for when they transfer bodies. As the group nears the Hackensack cemetery, Jesse quips to Chucky that Tiffany isn't much of a homemaker, due to the fact that there are several dishes in the sink. In response, Chucky orders Tiffany to clean up a little. Jade, taking her lead from Jesse, confides to Tiffany, You were nice enough to cook for him. The least he could do is wash a dish, igniting a loud, volatile argument between the dolls. In the confusion, Jesse intentionally swerves off the road and crashes, while Tiffany is knocked into the oven by Jade. Still tied to a chair, Jade lays trapped and sees that Tiffany is still alive, though badly charred. Jesse cuts Jade free and pulls her out of the RV before sparking wiring causes the vehicle to explode. Jesse is blown clear, but Jade is taken hostage by Chucky.Chucky approaches his open grave site, shoots the gravedigger exhuming his body in the back of the head, and sends Jade in to open his coffin at gunpoint. She reluctantly retrieves the amulet and throws it to him, but Jesse reappears, dragging Tiffany by her hair. Chucky agrees to let Jade go in exchange for Tiffany. When the couples reunite, Chucky ties the teenagers together and starts to perform the ritual. Touched by Jesse and Jade's love for each other, and seeing Chucky's disgust at her disfigurement, Tiffany betrays Chucky by stabbing him in the back, quoting from Bride of Frankenstein: Oh, Chucky, look at us. Don't you see? We belong dead.Tiffany releases the teenagers from their bonds, but Chucky retaliates by attacking Tiffany with a shovel. Chucky gets the upper hand, stabbing Tiffany in the chest; however, Jesse retrieves the shovel and knocks Chucky into his own grave, trapping him in the 6-foot pit. As Chucky screams and curses, a police Lieutenant (Lawrence Dane) who has been pursuing the suspicious teens arrives and witnesses the living doll. Jade takes the detective's gun and aims at Chucky, who promises to one day return just like in every sequel of the film series; But dying is such a bitch. Chucky is shot to death, his lifeless body collapsing next to his former human shell.In the aftermath of what he has just witnessed, the Lieutenant radios in to report Jade and Jesse are innocent, and allows them to run away together. Before the rest of police unit can arrive, the Lieutenant discovers Tiffany's body. After poking her a few times, the charred doll springs to life. The Lieutenant screams in horror as a screeching, sharp-tooth baby emerges from beneath Tiffany's dress and attacks him.
tags: comedy,  dark,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror, 

title: House at the End of the Drive
synopsis: When David King purchases a house in the hills far above the angst of Los Angeles, he gets much more than he bargained for when strange and unexplainable occurrences in and around the house begin to take control of his daily life. After he and his loyal dog Sebastian settle into the house, David begins to realize theres something particularly odd with the neighborhood, and it all seems to stem from the house at the end of the drive. Before long, ghostly voices begin to whisper through the intercom system in the dead of night, strange visitors arrive, some with unsettling accounts of the houses history, and David becomes plagued with a series terrifying and gruesome hallucinations.During a dinner party at his home with friends, Robert, Felicia and Jennifer, David discovers more about the neighborhoods bloody history, and fact and fiction intertwine as the friends talk ghosts and spirits from beyond, and David recounts his odd experiences in the house. The night prompts the friends to take steps that will alter their lives forever.When they decide to sneak in and explore the decrepit house at the end of the drive, supernatural forces from the past transport them through time back to a night of brutality and murderous bloodshed. In a cruel twist of fate, David, Robert, Felicia and Jennifer materialize as the soon to be victims of a massacre they had been discussing earlier over a quiet and casual dinner. Is the knowledge of the future enough to shield them from the horrors of the Helter-Skelter mayhem from the past? Can careful plotting overpower the supernatural invasion by a most infamous family of mass murders? Surely yesterday is finally over but only time will tell, as the hapless visitors to the house at the end of the drive are swept into a hell storm of dark forces and fury beyond belief.The film is inspired by the true events of the Sharon Tate slayings one of the most heinous crimes of the 20th Century that shocked the world. Many of the events that take place in HOUSE AT THE END OF THE DRIVE are based on actual events that had taken place in the OMAN house where principal photography was shot. Like THE EXORCIST and THE ENTITY before it, the film is anchored in documented evidence of the paranormal.Which is scarier the past or the present? Sometimes there is no difference!
tags: paranormal,  horror, 

title: The Mummy
synopsis: In Egypt, circa 1290 BC, high priest Imhotep engages in an affair with Anck-su-Namun, the mistress of Pharaoh Seti, despite strict rules that other men are forbidden to touch her. When the Pharaoh discovers their tryst, Imhotep and Anck-su-Namun murder the monarch. Imhotep is dragged away by his priests before the Pharaoh's guards can discover his involvement; Anck-su-Namun then kills herself, intending for Imhotep to resurrect her. After Anck-su-Namun's burial, Imhotep breaks into her crypt and steals her corpse. He and his priests flee across the desert to Hamunaptra, the City of the Dead, where they begin the resurrection ceremony. However, they are caught by Seti's guards before the ritual could be completed, and Anck-su-Namun's soul is sent back to the Underworld. For their sacrilege, Imhotep's priests are mummified alive, and Imhotep himself is forced to endure the curse of Hom Dai: his tongue is cut out and he is buried alive with a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The ritual curses him to become an immortal walking plague if he were ever to be resurrected. He is buried under high security, sealed away in a sarcophagus below a statue of the Egyptian god Anubis, and kept under strict surveillance throughout the ages by the Medjai, descendants of Seti's palace guards. If Imhotep were ever to be released, the powers that made him immortal would allow him to unleash a wave of destruction and death upon the Earth.In 1923, soldiers from the French Foreign Legion, led by American Rick O'Connell, make a final stand at Hamunaptra against an overwhelming force of Medjai warriors. The soldiers are massacred and O'Connell makes a final retreat inside the city, only to be cornered by a group of Medjai. However, they flee when Imhotep's evil presence manifests itself, leaving him to die in the desert.In 1926, Cairo librarian and aspiring Egyptologist, Evelyn Carnahan is presented with an intricate box and map by her bumbling brother Jonathan, who says he found it in Thebes. The map seems to point the way to the lost city of Hamunaptra, where all of the wealth of Egypt was supposedly stored; however, the museum curator, Dr. Bey, dismisses Hamunaptra as a myth, and accidentally damages the map. Jonathan reveals he actually stole it from an American (revealed to be O'Connell), who is currently in prison, and may be able to tell more about Hamunaptra. Rick tells them that he knows the location of the city from his days in the Foreign Legion. He makes a deal with Evelyn to reveal the location of Hamunaptra, in exchange for Evelyn saving Rick from being hanged. Evelyn successfully negotiates his release from the prison warden by offering him 25% of the found treasure; however, the warden insist on coming along in order to protect his investment. They board a ship to start their expedition to the city, where they encounter a band of American treasure hunters led by the famed Egyptologist Dr. Allen Chamberlain, and guided by Beni Gabor, a cowardly former Legion soldier who served with Rick and also knows the location of the lost city.During the journey, the boat is invaded by Medjai soldiers who are looking for Evelyn's box and the map. The expedition manages to fight them off, but the map is lost and the boat goes up in flames, forcing the entire party to go ashore. Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan are separated from the other treasure hunters and procure camels at a nearby market. Since Rick knows the way to the city, they arrive at Hamunaptra at the same time as the other party, but due to tensions between the two groups, they start exploring the city in separate locations. The Americans discover a chest between the legs of the statue of Anubis. They have it opened by several of their carriers, but the chest is booby-trapped and the carriers die from an acid spray. In the meanwhile, Evelyn is looking for the Book of Amun-Ra, a solid gold book supposedly capable of taking life away. Her team discovers a tomb buried directly below the statue of Anubis. Evelyn's box turns out to function as a key that opens the tomb; inside there is a sarcophagus. Suddenly, the prison warden runs by, screaming in pain. Unbeknownst to the rest, he had found a decorative scarab, but it contained a real scarab that entered his body and ate a way into his brain. The warden knocks himself into a wall and dies instantly.After a quiet evening outside, Rick and Evelyn get in a romantic mood, when suddenly, both groups are attacked by the Medjai, led by a warrior named Ardeth Bay. Rick forces a stand-off by lighting a stick of dynamite and threatening to blow everyone up. Bay warns them of the evil buried in the city, and gives them one day to leave. His groups then ride out. Rather than heed his warning, the two expeditions continue to work on their respective projects. The sarcophagus is opened, and contains the gory remains of Imhotep. The team of Americans, meanwhile, open the chest, in spite of a warning on its lid that threatens to kill everyone who takes its contents. They discover the black Book of the Dead, accompanied by canopic jars carrying Anck-su-Namun's preserved organs; each of the Americans takes a jar as loot, while Dr. Chamberlain takes the book, but Beni flees the scene out of fear for the curse.At night, Evelyn takes the Book of the Dead from the Americans' tent; her key also fits on it. She reads a page aloud, accidentally awakening Imhotep's mummified remains. Immediately, the first plague announces itself: a swarm of locusts invades the terrain, forcing everyone inside the city. The entire group is separated into smaller parties when a giant army of scarabs breaks loose, and eats everything in its path. One of the Americans gets lost, and is attacked by Imhotep, who takes his eyes and tongue while partially regenerating his body. Evelyn also encounters Imhotep, and he seems to recognize her as Anck-Su-Namun; however, Rick shoots him down before everyone flees the catacombs. They run into Ardeth and his group of Medjai warriors again. He berates them for resuccecting Imhotep, who will now bring along death and destruction. The only thing to do is flee the city, until a way can be found to kill him again. The entire group leaves, but Beni is left behind. He also encounters Imhotep, but successfully pleads for his life, and is allowed to become his slave.Both groups return to Cairo. Rick and the Americans plan to leave Egypt, but Evelyn decides to stay, reasoning that releasing the curse was their fault, so they have the responsibility to stop Imhotep. That afternoon, the next plague announces itself: water turning into blood, signaling that Imhotep is nearby. The group deduces that Imhotep will go after the four men who took the Book of the Dead and the canopic jars. Beni has indeed taken Imhotep to Cairo, helping him trace the Americans. Rick and Jonathan track down the American whose eyes were stolen; they find his desiccated body, and Imhotep slowly regenerating his own. Rick tries to kill Imhotep but he is invulnerable to weapons; only the presence of a cat in the room startles him, and he flees in a dust storm. Rick returns to his quarters as the second plague starts: violent hailstorms ravage the city. He locks Evelyn in her room to keep her safe from Imhotep, ordering the remaining two Americans to stand guard while he and Jonathan leave to warn Dr. Chamberlain. The doctor's chamber is empty, but they witness Imhotep killing Dr. Chamberlain in the streets, taking the Black Book and releasing a swarm of flies. Imhotep proceeds to Evelyn, entering the room and consuming the body of the American on guard. He enters the sleeping Evelyn's bedroom through the keyhole by transforming into sand, and tries to kiss her. Rick, Jonathan and the remaining American enter, and scare him away by threatening him with a cat.The group goes to the museum, hoping that the museum curator Dr. Bey may have some answers. They are astonished to find him together with Ardeth Bay. Dr. Bey reveals to also be a member of the secret society sworn to prevent Imhotep's resurrection (which is why he purposely tried to burn the map). He theorizes that Imhotep will fears cats (the guardians of the underworld) until he is fully immortal; he also thinks that Imhotep intends to resurrect Anck-su-Namun, using Evelyn's body to regenerate it. All of a sudden, a solar eclipse occurs, so they have to make haste. Evelyn hypothesizes that if the black Book of the Dead brought Imhotep back to life, the gold Book of Amun-Ra can kill the high priest once again. The group finds a tablet in the museum that describes the location of both books, and Evelyn deduces that the gold book must be buried beneath the statue of Horus. At that moment, a large group of natives, covered in boils and sores (the next plague) and under Imhotep's spell, surround the museum. The heroes leave the museum by car, but the remaining American is captured during the pursuit, and consumed by Imhotep. Finally cornered by his followers, the fully regenerated Imhotep offers Evelyn to come with him, in exchange for letting the others go. She agrees, but as they leave, Imhotep goes back on his words. Dr. Bey sacrifices his life by holding back the crowd of followers while the rest flee through the sewers.Rick, Jonathan and Ardeth enlist the help of Winston Havlock, a desillusioned WWI fighter pilot, to fly them over to Hamunaptra. Imhotep returns to Hamunaptra in a sandstorm, carrying Evelyn and Beni, pursued by Rick's plane. Imhotep uses his powers to cause a huge sandstorm, but distracted by Evelyn, he only succeeds in letting the plane make an emergency crash landing, killing only Winston. Rick, Jonathan and Ardeth enter Hamunaptra and discover a new area ful of Hamunaptra's famed treasures. They quickly get into a battle with Imhotep's resurrected mummy priests, so they make their way to the statue of Horus, where they find the Book of Amun-Ra. However, when cornered by the priests, Ardeth sacrifices himself to allow Rick and Jonathan to escape. Imhotep, in the meanwhile, has resurrected the mummified remains of Anck-su-Namun and is preparing to sacrifice Evelyn, when Rick and Jonathan interfere. Rick frees Evelyn from a group of mummies, while Jonathan reads an inscription on the book in order to kill Imhotep; unfortunately, this only summons a group of mummified guards, who go after Rick, while Evelyn is attacked by the resurrected Anck-su-Namun. Jonathan succeeds in finishing the inscription, giving him command of the guards just before they kill Rick; he commands the guards to kill Anck-su-Namun. Imhotep turns his anger towards Rick, while Jonathan and Evelyn succeed in opening the Book of Amun-Ra. Imhotep is about to kill Rick when Evelyn recites the counter-curse. Imhotep's immortal soul is taken from him, and he becomes mortal. Rick fatally stabs him, and rapidly decaying into a mummy again, Imhotep leaves the world of the living, vowing revenge. Beni, who was secretly dragging treasure outside, accidentally sets off an ancient booby trap. As Hamunaptra begins to collapse into the sand, Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan race towards the exit, with Jonathan accidentally dropping the gold book. Beni remains behind, and is trapped and eaten by a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The heroes escape before Hamunaptra disappears in the sand. Ardeth, who has unexpectedly survived, waits for them outside andthanks them for their help. They ride off into the sunset on a pair of camels laden with Beni's treasure.
tags: horror,  violence,  action,  boring,  stupid, 

title: Friday the 13th Part III
synopsis: Picking up from the previous events with a flashback sequence, Jason (Richard Brooker) has seemingly survived his attack from Paul and Ginny, and migrates to a store where he changes clothes and then murders the store owners, the henpecked Harold (Steve Susskind) with a meat cleaver into his chest and his shrewd wife Edna (Cheri Maugans) with a knitting needle through the back of her head, before moving on to a nearby lake front property named Higgins Haven.At the same time, 18-year-old Chris Higgins (Dana Kimmell), who was attacked by a mysterious, disfigured stranger in the woods near Crystal Lake two years earlier, returns to the property with her friends; Debbie (Tracie Savage), her boyfriend Andy (Jeffrey Rogers), dim-witted prankster Shelly (Larry Zimmer), Vera (Catherine Parks), and stoners Chuck (David Katims) and Chilli (Rachel Howard). After meeting Abel, an inebriated, religious fanatic derleict who warns them to turn back, the gang meets Chris' boyfriend Rick (Paul Kratka) at their destination; Higgins Haven. Chris intends to face her fears; however, none of her friends know that an unmasked and reclusive Jason has taken refuge in the barn to recover from his wounds.Meanwhile, Shelly and Vera go shopping at a local supermarket to get food and supplies when they get into trouble with a three-person biker gang, called the Black Widows, led by a brutal woman named Fox (Gloria Charles). When Shelly accidently knocks over their motorcycles outside the store, Fox and her two minions Ali (Nick Savage) and Loco (Kevin O'Brien) follow Shelly and Vera back to Higgin's Haven for revenge. However, they are dealt with by Jason before they can do any real damage except for taking the gas out of the gang's van. While looking around the barn in fascination, Fox is murdered with a pitchfork to her neck. Loco looks for her and gets impaled with a pitchfork. Ali is next when he enters the barn and finds the two's corpses. He attacks the unseen Jason, but gets bludgeoned with a 10 pipe wrench.At nightfall, Jason continues lurking around the barn while spying on the kids who settle down for a party at the nearby cabin. When Chris and Rick go for a walk in the woods, Jason wanders out of the barn to cause more harm again. At first, Jason only harasses them from a distance. When Chuck goes to an outhouse to take a dump and smoke more pot, Jason walks past and bangs on the walls of the outhouse before retreating.Later, Shelly, wearing a wet-suit and a Red Wings hockey mask plans another scare prank against Vera who is siting on a pier beside Higgens Lake. After Vera angrily tells Shelly to go off, he wonders into the barn where Jason slits his throat and takes his hockey mask, now concealing his deformity. Taking the spear-gun that Shelly had with him, Jason (fully masked) walks out of the barn and sees Vera wading out in the shallow water to get Shelly's wallet after she accidently drops it in the water. Thinking it's Shelly, Jason shoots Vera right in her left eye, killing her as her body falls in the water, and having Jason to discard the spear-gun.With Vera killed, Jason finally sneaks into the house, where he continues onward with his killing spree. After Andy and Debbie have sex, she goes to the bathroom for a shower, but gets surprised by Andy, who is walking on his hands. Jason sneaks up to him and horizontally murders him with a machete. Debbie leaves the shower and rests in her hammock in her bedroom, where she soon discovers Andy's horizontally-spitted body hanging from an overhead plank and gets stabbed through the hammock with a kitchen knife. Next, Jason disables the power to the cabin by tampering with a fuse box. When Chuck goes to the basement to fix it, Jason approaches him and shoves his face on the circuit panel, electrocuting him. At the same time, Shelly, whom is still alive and having his neck still slit, stumbles into the cabin before dying where Chilli finds him, but she is quickly attacked and killed by Jason who shoves a hot fireplace poker through her stomach.When Chris and Rick return they find the place empty, where they split up to find out what's going on. Rick, outside is attacked by Jason who kills him by crushing his head, which one of his eyes pops out.After finding the corpse of Loco, Jason then confronts Chris with an felling axe, and a climatic chase ensues with the two of them exchanging attacks with Chris trying to keep away from the masked murderer. During the process, she slows him down by dumping a bookshelf over him, then stabs him in his left leg with the same knife used to kill Debbie (Just before Jason throws it at a wall, which nearly hits Chris), and then bashes him with a fireplace log. Chris tries to escape in the van and almost hits Jason, but it soon runs out of gas (due to the biker gang's vandalism), forcing her to run back to the barn to hide.Jason enters the barn and arms himself with a machete and confronts Chris on the barn's rafter, but she manages to subdue him by bashing him on his head with a shovel. She seemly defeats Jason by tying him to a rope and hanging him to make sure that he is dead. Jason survives the hanging and briefly shows his real disfigured face to Chris while trying to get the noose off his neck, which she recognizes him as the man who attacked her two years ago. As Jason precedes to attack Chris with his machete, one of the bikers, Ali (who seemingly survived his attack), attempts his revenge on Jason, but Jason severs his right hand and hacks him to his demise. While Jason is hacking up Ali, Chris picks up an felling axe and slams it down to Jason's skull, causing him to stagger and fall over, seemingly killing him. Chris then wanders over to the lake and falls asleep in a canoe that drifts into the middle of the lake.The next morning, she wakes up in the canoe, when suddenly she sees Jason (now unmasked and bloody from the axe cut) appearing from an upper window, causing him to run outside to the lake to attack, but sees that it was just a part of her imagination. Reliving, suddenly she gets pulled into the water by a decaying Mrs. Voorhees (Whom has her head still intact).It is revealed that it was just a disturbed nightmare and at some point later, the police take Chris (Mentally disturbed from the events) off the property into the police car as they drive off. The film ends with Jason's deceased corpse, still with the axe intact in his head and showing the lake in peace once again.
tags: cult,  horror,  grindhouse film,  murder,  violence, 

title: Dawn of the Dead
synopsis: Tensions are running high in the United States. The recently deceased are returning to life as shambling, flesh-eating ghouls, and political dissidents are threatening social stability. In the city of Philadelphia, Fran (Gaylen Ross) an employee of WGON-TV and Radio learns that her program director Givens is broadcasting out-of-date information about rescue stations that have been overrun by the living dead. Fran's boyfriend Stephen (David Emge), who pilots the station's traffic helicopter, arrives at the station and tells her that they must escape in order to survive. He plans on stealing the station's helicopter and tells Fran to meet him on the roof at 9pm.Meanwhile, in another part of Philadelphia, the city's SWAT team is preparing to launch an assault on a low-income tenement building filled with refugees who refuse to leave their homes for emergency shelters; they also refuse to give up their dead, both deceased and re-animated, harboring them in the basement of the tenement. After gun battle with armed bandits on the roof, the police and National Guard soldiers break into the building using tear gas. Roger (Scott H. Reiniger) one of the SWAT troopers, becomes disgusted by the bloodthirsty behavior of some of their fellow SWAT members when one of them goes crazy and begins shooting at both zombies and innocent bystanders. A tall figure in a gas mask shoots the rogue officer dead. Roger retreats to the basement to escape the confusion, but the tall figure follows him. He removes his mask and reveals himself to be an imposing man named Peter (Ken Foree). They have talk for a few minutes and agree that the zombie plague will only get worse. Roger tells Peter about his friend who has a helicopter; he plans to leave with Stephen and Fran, and suggests Peter join their escape. A priest emerges from a room in the cellar; the man is missing a leg and walks with a crutch. He tells them that he has administered the last rites to the dead people in the next room, and that the soldiers may now do what they will with them. Peter and Roger kill all the zombies in the cellar, the gravity of the situation nearly overcoming them.Meanwhile, Stephen and Fran arrive in their helicopter at an abandoned police station pier on the Delaware River to refuel and wait for Roger to show up. They are surprised when four rogue policemen arrive and threaten them for looting the place. Roger and Peter arrive and the rogue cops back down allowing the four to go on their way. Stephen and Fran are surprised that Roger has brought someone with him, but they agree to take Peter with them. The four of them fly all night.In the morning, Stephen lands the helicopter at a small, deserted rural airport depot to refuel. While exploring the area, zombies attack them from out of nowhere. Stephen tries to prove his manliness before Fran -- who is carrying his child -- but he is both clumsy and a poor shot. Roger has to kill the zombies Stephen weakly shoots at, and Stephen nearly kills Peter when aiming for a zombie.Later, while in the air again, they see a deserted shopping mall. They land on its roof and break in through a skylight to rest and to collect supplies. The place is full of zombies milling about inside, drawn to a place that had meant so much to them when they were alive. Despite the growing number of undead outside, the four refugees realize that they could survive there for a long time. It even has a gun shop so they will be able to find weapons to defend themselves. Using the mall's floor plans and master keys, Peter, Roger and Stephen race around the mall, collecting the supplies they will need to make a home. They take these supplies to an upstairs area where they and Fran build a home in an annex of former offices and storage rooms. Fran is resistant to the idea; she thinks it is a bad idea to leave what is left of society, but perhaps because she is pregnant and wants to do what's best for her child, she stays.They realize they need to rid the mall of zombies. A decision is made to block the entrances to the mall with semi-trucks from a nearby warehouse. While Stephen watches from his circling helicopter, Peter and Roger hotwire the trucks and drive them to the mall. Peter is disturbed that Roger seems to be losing his grip on reality; he becomes arrogant and takes unnecessary risks in order to demonstrate his mastery of the situation. Unfortunately, he is bitten by zombies while trying to get into one of the trucks. They all realize that Roger's wound will prove fatal, as nobody can survive a bite for more than a few days. Fran is conflicted; she wants to take Roger to a medical facility, but the others won't hear of it. They are convinced Roger is doomed but decide to let the disease run it's course.Over the next several days, they begin to make the mall their home. They care for the ailing Roger as best they can, but his condition rapidly deteriorates until it is clear he is on the verge of death. Peter builds a fake wall in front of the only hallway that leads to their home, disguising it from any potential looters that may come through the area. They monitor a television to see if the zombie crisis ever ends but the news is dismal. Roger makes Peter promise to kill him if he comes back as a zombie, because he tells Peter he's going to try not to return. Roger does return, however, and Peter is forced to shoot his animated corpse in the head. They bury Roger inside of a large planter that houses decorative palm trees inside the mall.One night Peter prepares a romantic dinner for Fran and Stephen. When Peter leaves them alone, Stephen proposes marriage to Fran. Fran declines, saying that they can't make that kind of commitment given what has become of the world. It wouldn't be real, she explains.Eventually, all television transmissions cease. The remaining three bicker as their sense of isolation gets stronger. Fran demands to learn how to fly the helicopter in case anything were to happen to Stephen. But when he teaches her how to fly it, they are spotted by a gang of motorcycle-riding survivalists.That evening, the survivalists/looters approach, coveting the supplies inside the mall. They try to contact Peter, Fran and Stephen by radio, but Peter is smart enough not to respond. He knows that they will be killed if the survivalists find them. His plan is to let the looters break in and take what they want, then leave, betting that they won't find the camouflaged entrance to their home. The looters break into the mall, and zombies flood in with them. Stephen, believing that the mall belongs to him and his friends, sneaks into the mall and tries to shoot the bikers, who return fire. With no choice but to help his friend, Peter creeps through air shafts, picking off isolated bikers and zombies. Unable to cope with both Peter and the zombies, the bikers decide to leave. Before they do, two of them enter the elevator where Stephen is hiding on top, and begin blindly shooting, severely wounding him. He is later attacked and bitten by zombies, and dies in the elevator. In the mall, the zombies corner and eviscerate several of the remaining looters.Peter returns to the hidden fortress and waits with Fran; they are unsure if Stephen has survived, but they know he will return either way. Now a zombie, Stephen remembers how to get through the hidden wall to the storeroom. He leads the horde of zombies up the stairwell. When Stephen appears, Peter kills him. He tells Fran to leave, but he refuses to go with her. He helps Fran onto the roof, where she prepares the helicopter. Peter stays in the storeroom, waiting for the zombies to flock in and planning to shoot himself before they can grab him. But at the last minute he decides he wants to live and fights his way through the zombies to the helicopter. Fran delayed taking off until the last possible moment, and Peter is able to hop into the helicopter. The two fly off to an uncertain future, with little fuel left.
tags: comedy,  suspenseful,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  good versus evil,  absurd,  action,  satire,  claustrophobic,  revenge,  entertaining,  sadist, 

title: The Driller Killer
synopsis: New York City. Reno Miller, a scruffy young artist, enters a small Catholic church in Spanish Harlem where he walks to the front where an elderly bearded man is kneeling and chanting pity the sinners over and over. Reno seems to recognize the man as his long-lost father, whom is now apparently a derelict. The old man unclasps a hand and grabs Reno's hand. Reno runs, grabs his girlfriend Carol, who accompanied him to the church, and leaves. They ride in a taxi towards downtown, and Reno calls the man a degenerate and a bum. Evidently, the derelict had a piece of paper with Reno's name and phone number and requested a meeting at the church to talk to him. Reno, despite knowing that the derelict was his father, denies knowing him to Carol. Reno and Carol go to pick up Pamela, their other roommate, who is in a local bar watching a punk rock band perform.The next morning, Reno hears Pamela trying to drill a hole in the door, and he does it for her since Pamela is constantly spaced out being an ex-junkie. Reno, Carol, and Pamela all live together in a seedy apartment in the Union Square area of Manhattan and are struggling to get by. Reno complains about the bills for the utilities they get from the water, to the electricity, and to the telephone bill and of the long distance, hour-long, phone calls that Pamela and Carol made in the past month. In frustration, Reno throws the phone out a window.Later, Reno has a dream about the mysterious bearded man and about the power drill that he used earlier. Reno hates his neighborhood where homeless derelicts reside on the streets around his apartment building. Reno goes to see Dalton, a flamboyantly gay art gallery owner and tells him that he is currently working on a masterpiece painting (which is a giant painting of a buffalo against a multi-colored landscape). Reno says that he needs another week and asks for a loan of $500 to pay for his rent. But Dalton refuses, saying that he had lent enough money to Reno this past year from a variety of reasons from medical bills to urtilty bills, to Reno's artwork which includes paint and numerous canvases. But Dalton tells Reno that if he finishes the painting in one week and if he likes it, he will buy it and give Reno whatever money he needs to financially help him out.Strapped for money, since neither Reno or Pamela have bank accounts, Carol writes a check for $500 for the rent and gives it to the grumpy landlord Al, which she claims that it is her alimony check that her ex-husband gives her. The landlord takes the check, but tells Carol that they are still a month behind on the rent, and in a few days, on the 1st of the month, they will be two months behind and he wants the rest of the money soon.The following day, Tony Coca-Cola and the Roosters, a punk rock band that Pamela hangs around, move into an apartment nearby Reno's and soon begin practicing their music. The loud music from the band drives Reno more unnerved and frustrated. That night, Reno, Carol, and Pamela watch TV since they have no money and cannot go out since Reno has to spend what little money he has on utilities, and Pamela apparently squanders what money she makes on drugs. During the commercials, they watch a TV advertisement for a Porto-Pack, a battery pack with allows a person to walk around with electrical appliances.At 2:00 AM in the morning, while trying to work on his painting, Reno becomes more agitated from the loud music that Tony and his band continue to play. He sees an image of himself saturated in blood, and goes outside into the dark streets for a walk. At the foot of a garbage-strewn alley, Reno sees an elderly derelict sleeping, and stands him up. It seems that Reno is going to accost the man, but he ducks into the alley with him when they see a group of teenage gang members chasing another bum in the street and run right past them. Reno drops the bum to the ground and walks off, vowing that he will not end up like him or his derelict father.The next day, Carol gets a letter from her ex-husband Stephen, who sends her a photo of them together as well as a $100 note, saying that he misses her and wants her to return to him. Meanwhile, Reno becomes more angry and agitated when Tony and his band continues to play their music day and night and complains to the landlord about the loud music. But the landlord refuses to do anything because Tony and his band doesn't bother him, (which implies that the band pays their rent and probably bribe money, whereas Reno doesn't). However, the landlord gives Reno a gift of a skinned rabbit for dinner to show that there are no hard feelings. Reno takes the carcass of the rabbit home to his apartment, and while preparing it for dinner, repeatedly stabs it with a knife (shades of 'Repulsion').The next day, Reno eyes the Porto-Pack sitting in the window at a small hardware store on sale for $19.95. After checking to see if he has enough money on him, which apparently he does, Reno goes inside the hardware store and purchases the Porto-Pack. Later that afternoon, a troubled Reno tries to sleep when the band finally stops playing loud music for a short while, but he hears voices calling out his name, and he sees an image of Carol with her eyes cut out. That night, Reno takes the Porto-Pack and goes out, with the drill attached to it. Reno sees another homeless bum sleeping inside an abandoned building, and he drills the bum in the chest, killing him.The following evening, Reno, Carol, and Pamela have tickets to see Tony Coca-Cola and the Roosters at a local nightclub. At the club, Pamela hangs out with the band, while Reno and Carol talk about where they stand with their relationship and Carol tells him that her ex-husband has been writing to her asking her to come back to him. A little later, while Reno plays a pinball machine, Pamela asks Reno about the painting that he's working on and suggests that in attempt to get more money for the rent and bills, Reno have sexual relations with Dalton. Reno shrugs it off with slight disgust. The band finally gets to play, where Reno quickly becomes more agitated from the loud music and the crowd around him. Reno leaves the club unnoticed while Carol and Pamela dance and make out with each other.Driven to the edge, Reno returns to his apartment, grabs the drill with the battery pack, and goes out on a drilling spree. All night long, Reno runs through the streets killing one homeless bum after another, first starting with a bum sleeping on the sidewalk, then another bum in a subway station, then a drinking derelict on the street. Reno passes a small bus stop where he sees a weird and spaced out bum hanging around and harassing two men waiting for a late-night bus. When the men board the passing bus, leaving the bum alone, Reno attacks the bum, drilling him in the back. Reno further attacks two more bums, drilling one and chasing the second down the street, and drilling him in the back. He ends his killing spree by approaching a derelict asleep in a pile of garbage bags, and drills the man in the forehead. Reno returns home for the night to sleep.Sometime later, Tony visits Reno at this apartment where the spaced out rock star comments on his paintings and asks Reno to paint a portrait of him. After Tony reluctantly agrees to pose for Reno's demand of $500 (rent money), he says that they need to start right away.The next morning, Carol reads the newspaper which has one article of a man killed with a power drill. Reno sees an image of his initial drill killing and his own bloody image, and he snatches the paper away from Carol and accuses of her trying to drive him crazy. Later, Pamela brings home a take-out pizza for dinner. As Carol and Pamela eat their plain cheese slices, they watch with slight disgust as Reno gobbles down slice after slice of pizza with green peppers on it like some famished animal. While scarfing down his fourth pizza slice, Reno tells Pamela to ask Carol if she wants some pizza with green peppers on it (even though Carol is sitting right beside him). Carol angrily throws a slice of pizza in Reno's face and leaves. Carol goes out to a nearby payphone and calls Stephen and tells him about wanting to leave Reno. Carol returns to the apartment to find a silly picture proclaiming I'm sorry.Reno paints Tony has he poses, and at various times, plays his guitar and even makes out with Pamela who shows up. Nearby, a bum in a nearby alley, restless and indigent due to all the noise Tony made, is attacked by Reno who drills his hands to a wall in a crude crucifix pose and then kills him. Afterwards, Reno goes to work on his painting and after nearly all night of working, he approaches the sleeping Carol and Pamela in bed together and tells them that his painting is finally finished.The next day, Reno and Carol show the completed buffalo painting to Dalton. But Dalton declares the work of art unacceptable, and leaves. Carol then yells at Reno for she is angry that he just sat in his chair with a blank expression on his face while Dalton yelled at him. The next morning, Reno awakes to an empty bed, and he chases Carol as she walks down the street with her suitcase, saying that she is finally leaving him and going back to her ex-husband. Reno tries to talk to her, and even grabs the suitcase away, but she keeps on walking. Pamela is devastated that her best friend and part-time lover has left, but Reno is beside himself with rage. He tries calling Carol and talks to her on the phone, but he is only talking to a dial tone.That evening, Reno, now completely demented, calls Dalton and invites him to come on over for he has something else to show to him, and Dalton (mistaking thinking that Reno is coming onto him) agrees to be there later with some wine. Dalton arrives at the apartment that evening, while Tony and his band are continuing to play their loud music, and Reno, dressed in all black clothing with his face pasty white and wearing blood-red lipstick, drills Dalton to death. A little later, Pamela returns to the apartment after hanging around Tony's band when she sees a bloody drill bit in the door and a dead Dalton hanging from it on the inside. Pamela backs away screaming, but Reno grabs her.Across town, Carol is back with Stephen at his apartment and while she goes to the bathroom to take a shower, Stephen prepares some tea. Reno sneaks into the apartment and drills Stephen in the back, and hides his body behind the counter. Carol, done showering, walks to the bedroom where Reno is lying under the bed covers. She turns out the lights, gets into bed, and tells Stephen to come here...
tags: cruelty,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence, 

title: The Haunting Hour: Don't Think About It
synopsis: written by KrystelClaireA young boy, Max (Alex Winzenread), feels terrified: he can't sleep in his room because everything scares him, from the twigs tapping on the window to the door of his walk-in wardrobe. He constantly calls for his mum and dad, and consequently, they can't sleep at all. Finally, Dad/Jack Keller (John Hawkinson), promises him to buy his longed-for videogame if he sleeps quietly on his own. The young boy promises to try, but then, the door to his closet opens up again. He leaves bed to close it up, but then, a green hand appears. The boy screams and his parents come once again. This time, we can see it was his sister Cassie Keller (Emily Osment)The film now focuses on Cassie. She is a fifteen-year-old teenager Goth full of angst. She dresses as if it were Halloween all year around, and her mother Eileen (Michelle Duffy) can't convince her of wearing even one of the pretty clothes she has bought for her teenaged daughter. Back at her new high school the following morning, she tries to talk with the boy she likes, attractive but dumb Sean (Cody Linley). Priscilla Wright (Brittany Elizabeth Curran) is the most popular girl in school, and she expects to be crowned Pumpkin Queen in the approaching high school ballroom. Priscilla humilliates Cassie by throwing food over her in the school canteen, as she wants to mark her territory with Sean. He will go to the ball with Priscilla because she has offered to do a class assignment for him.In frustration, Cassie wants to buy a new Halloween outfit, although Mum tells her she is too old to go trick-or-trading. Cassie finds a new costume shop at the end of a corridor. The weird shop assistant, (Tobin Bell), tells her that he only opens in Halloween. Cassie buys the only book on store, entitled The Evil Thing. The first page clearly states DO NOT READ ALOUD. Cassie becomes more aggresive, and she spoils Priscilla's moment when, after having been crowned as Pumpkin Queen, she tears open a piñata and worms fall on her.Cassie has to baby-sit Max while their parents are away. He insists on being read a horror story, something which Cassie doesn't want to do at first because she knows that Max will have nightmares later on. Max insists and he turns her computer off, making her lose the horror Hollywood story she has been writing for some time. Cassie is angry. A noise is heard outside: she goes to look what happens, and a witch doll falls on her. She screams, and suddenly, Priscilla and Sean appear from the shadows: she has told him to record Cassie's terrified screams, and the next day, all high school will see the video and laugh about Cassie. Angry, Cassie reads The Evil Thing aloud and then tells Max to wash his teeth and go to sleep.A huge monster appears. theoretically, it only appears if you believe on it. It has two heads, with one it sucks blood and with the other one it tears flesh out to eat it. It also picks people and puts them into coccoons until its children are born and eat the humans.The monster captures Max, the pizza guy and Priscilla. It's Cassie and Sean's turn to do something. Cassie remembers the shop assistant, but he doesn't want to help her. He explains that his shop appears at Halloween for one day and disappears the rest of the year. He says that he opens the shop close to the home of the child who wants to scary everybody the most, and this year, Cassie has won over the other contestant, a ten-year-old who loves Halloween as well. He tells her to use two heads instead of one. Sean finds a solution: make one head of the monster eat the other one.Cassie and Sean go to the gutter where the monster is nesting. The eggs are about to hatch. They find Max easily, and they free him, but the monster appears. It's Max who has to throw blood all over the monster. When Cassie encourages him, Max can eventually carry out the plan. The monster attacks itself and the babies are easy to kill.Priscilla, freaking out because she is covered in slimy goo, gets angered at Sean, but seems to be cleverer that what everybody thought, but not quite. The pizza guy invites Cassie, Sean and Max for pizza, but Priscilla wants to walk home on her own in the night.Back and safe at home, Cassie burns the book in the chimney. Her parents come back, and they find Cassie and Max hugging each other, so they are contented. Jack sees something in the chimney - it's the book The Evil Thing. He reads it aloud, and the monster wakes up once again.
tags: horror,  gothic,  prank, 

title: Dead End
synopsis: On his way to Christmas dinner at his mother-in-law's, Frank Harrington (Ray Wise), driving on an unknown road with his family, falls asleep and almost crashes into another car going in the other direction. Miraculously nobody is hurt and the other car is nowhere to be seen. Back on the road, Frank sees a woman in white (Amber Smith) with a baby in the surrounding woods. He drives back and finds no one there. However, while he is looking, the Woman in White appears at his window. He asks her if she is fine as it is apparent that she is in shock and wounded on her forehead. He asks Brad (Billy Asher) to check if he can use his mobile phone to call 911 but these is no signal on the network. Frank invites the woman to have a ride in their car because on the way they spotted a cabin not far away. Marion (Alexandra Holden) decides to give her seat to the woman and walk to the cabin as she is suffering from traveling sickness.The rest of the family on the car try to talk to the woman, but she does not respond and they assume she is in shock. Frank then stops at a roadside cabin. Richard (Mick Cain) leaves to go and masturbate in the woods, and Frank and Laura (Lin Shaye) enter the cabin, leaving Brad alone with the woman in the car. She starts to talk to him, then reveals that her baby is dead. Brad screams and Frank and Laura rush back to the car, only to find that the woman and Brad have disappeared. While the rest of the family are looking for him, Marion, still on her walk, sees Brad in the back window of a black hearse which slowly drives by. Marion runs to her parents to tell them that Brad has been taken, and they go after the car. However, they are forced to stop again because they go over a bump in the road. They find out that the bump is Brad's dead body and Marion faints upon seeing him in his gruesome state. The others carry her into the car and start driving again.Laura announces that her watch stopped at 7:30 P.M., and that all of the other clocks they have also stopped at that time. Richard seriously suggests the possibility of alien activity, but his idea is dismissed. The family then sees a black baby carriage in the road and they stop. Richard gets out to investigate, and plays a joke on his parents, peering in the carriage and pretending that something in there is eating him. Frank and Laura start fighting and Richard tries talking to Marion, who is in shock and does not respond. Richard realizes that the carriage is back in the road and tells his parents, who assume he is playing another joke. Frank moves the carriage once more and resumes driving. He and Laura begin another heated argument, and Marion suddenly announces she is pregnant. This is followed by Richard confessing that he is doing drugs. On their next stop, Richard heads into the forest to smoke and encounters the Woman in White. They begin to kiss, but the woman suddenly rips Richard's lower lip off. Richard then says he loves her, and the woman lets her dress slip off to reveal herself nude, and Richard is suddenly taken aback in horror by the sight.While fixing the car, the family sees Richard in the back of the same slow, black car from before and runs after it. Realizing this is fruitless, they start to chase after the vehicle in their own car, but encounter yet another bump in the road. They stop and see that it is Richard's burnt dead body. Laura, devastated, reveals that Richard was not Frank's son, but was the result of an affair she had in the past. Nevertheless, they put the body in the back of the car, Frank stating that Richard was still his son.Back on the road, Laura begins to show signs of insanity, acting childishly and even drawing a picture of Brad's dead body. Frank sees a sign for a destination called Marcott. He believes this is a naval base, and that they are on a military road which does not appear on the map.In the car, while Laura is sleeping, Frank tells Marion about a story from his childhood: A family in a car encountered a little girl with a school book on the side of the road. They picked her up, but while they were driving, they heard a scream in the back of the car and saw that the girl had disappeared. All that was left was her school book and that book had the last name Rose. They remembered that everyone in the Rose family had died in a car accident. Frank thinks this connects to their situation, but Marion dismisses his story as folklore.When Laura awakes, she has to vomit, so they stop the car again. She sees a gun in the car, which was going to be a Christmas present for her gun-obsessed brother. In her childish, confused state, she believes that the gun is a toy and threatens her husband and daughter with it. Frank angers her by telling her that Richard is dead and she must accept reality, so she shoots him in the leg. However, Marion cleans the wound and they go on the road again with Marion now driving. Laura claims she can see faces outside of the window, but that they all look so sad. She sees a friend of hers who is dead, and tells Frank to stop the car so that she can see her. Frank refuses, so Laura opens the car door and jumps out. Frank and Marion stop and see that Laura is taken by the hearse. Frank shoots at it, causing it to stop. Laura stumbles towards them. She says she is fine but that her head hurts. Feeling it, she realizes that the back of her skull is split open. She then starts rubbing her brain and relives a night with Alan, the man she had an affair with, and her telling her father she made the cheerleading squad before dying. Frank, distraught, closes her eyes and puts her in the back of the car.Marion and Frank think it is hopeless. Frank puts the gun to his chin, but Marion stops him and they begin to drive on the road again. On their way to Marcott, Frank explains to Marion that Alan was a friend of his back in Detroit. He tells her that Alan had come to him for advice about a married woman he had been having an affair with, wanting to know whether or not to continue with it. Frank encouraged him, reminding him he only lived once. The last time Frank saw Alan was when he told him that the married woman (Laura) wanted to end the affair because she now had a little girl (Marion).Frank starts drinking from a bottle of whiskey, another family Christmas present. His drinking angers Marion, who throws the bottle out of the car window. Growing tired of driving on the endless highway, Frank says they must now try to escape through the woods as it is clearly the only way. However, after passing through it, they find they have gone full circle and are back at the car. They start driving again, and Frank makes a list of things he'd like to do when the ordeal is over, but doesn't show them to Marion.Eventually, they are forced to stop. Frank realizes that the road loops, and they are back at the cabin from the beginning. Angered, and convinced that someone is playing with them, he goes inside and lights a match. The Woman in White is suddenly behind him, and blows it out. Frank grabs one of the many tools off the walls and begins swinging it around the pitch black room. Marion hears the noise and rushes inside with the flash-light, taking her father out of the cabin. They walk towards the car and now Frank, like Laura, shows that he too is beginning to go insane. He asks Marion for his bottle of whiskey, but she tells him she threw it away. He starts beating her until she is unconscious, and when Frank realizes what he has done, he puts Marion in the car too. He then sees the woman in white going in the forest and advances on her with the gun. He begins to shoot and scream in the forest, but the swishing of a bladed weapon is heard and it is obvious Frank has also now been killed.Marion, unconscious, has a bizarre dream in which the car finally runs out of gas and she must accept that she too will now die. Outside, she sees the bodies of her family all lined up in body bags, and the hearse suddenly appears beside her. Marion assumes it has come for her, but the Woman in White walks past her, saying, He's not here for you, before getting into the hearse herself.Marion then wakes up in the car in time to see Frank falling asleep at the wheel and colliding with an oncoming car, driven by the woman previously seen dressed in white. In the car also is her baby daughter. The accident claims the lives of everyone in the vehicles but Marion. She suddenly wakes up in a hospital bed, and a female doctor with the name-tag Dr. Marcott is at her bedside.A charming man dressed in black is at the hospital, who says he is the one who found Marion and called the accident in. Dr. Marcott explains to him that all the people in the accident were killed but this one girl Marion. The man and the doctor go into the parking lot and off towards their separate cars, but when the doctor's car will not start, the man offers her a lift in his own vehicle; a black hearse. The doctor is impressed by the vintage car, and the man tells her he is a collector.The credits are followed by an extra scene, in which two road-sweepers are cleaning up after the violent car crash. One finds a piece of paper and reads it; it is Frank's note, which reads: 1) Buy an Atari, 2) Be the coolest Grandfather ever.This wipes out the possibility that it was all a dream, but the road-sweeper throws the note in with the rest of the garbage.
tags: mystery,  comedy,  horror,  stupid, 

title: Quella villa accanto al cimitero
synopsis: A young woman (Daniela Doria) in an old abandoned house is looking for her boyfriend Steven who has taken her there for sex. The young woman discovers her boyfriend's horribly mutilated dead body when she gets stabbed through the back of her head with a sharp kitchen knife by an unseen person. The killer drags the woman's body through a door leading to the cellar.New York City, several months later. A young boy named Bob (Giovanni Frezzi), and his parents Norman and Lucy Boyle (Paolo Malco and Catriona MacColl) are preparing to move to a new house in New England just outside Boston previous occupied by Normans ex-colleague, Dr. Peterson, who recently murdered his mistress before committing suicide. The Boyles are to spend six months at the house, whilst Norman finishes his research project of old houses at the request of his employer Professor Muller (director Lucio Fulci). As his mother packs, Bob looks at the photograph of a sinister-looking old house, hanging on the Boyles wall. In it, he sees a young girl warning him to stay away.In New Whitby, Boston, Bob waits in his parents car while they pick up their house keys at the estate office. He makes further contact with the girl in the photo, who this time appears across the street. Despite the distance between them, Bob and the girl (Silvia Collatina), who introduces herself as Mae, can hear each other without opening the car windows. Mae again warns Bob to stay away. In the real estate office, the friendly Mrs. Gittelson (Dagmar Lassander) is annoyed with her laconic colleague Harold, who hands the couple the Freudstein keyes. It's Oak Mansion, Harold, she insists. She seems to recognize Dr. Boyle and asks him if hes been to New Whitby before. Norman says that he hasn't. Accompanying the family to Oak Mansion, Mrs. Gittelson promises to arrange for a babysitter to drop by. Lucy is struck the by the resemblance between the house in the photograph and their new home. But Norman seems strangely disinterested.Inside, the old house is spacious, but in a poor state of repair. They notice in the kitchen that the cellar door is locked and nailed shut. As they start unpacking, a strange young woman arrives and introduces herself as Anne the babysitter (Ania Pieroni). That night, Norman hears noises and on rising to investigate, finds Anne unblocking the cellar door. The next day, Norman goes to the local library to look over Dr. Petersons materials. Mr. Wheatley the librarian (Carlo De Mejo) also seems to recognize him and asks if he's been to the town before. Norman again replies that he has not. The assistant librarian Daniel Douglas (Giampaolo Saccarola) informs Norman that Dr. Peterson has conducted private research at the old house. Hed been studying records of disappearances in the area over the last several years as well as medical reports and death certificates, none of which has any relevance to his official studies.In the wild undergrowth around the house, Mae shows Bob a tombstone bearing the name of Mary Freudstein and says that the woman is not really dead. Indoors, Lucy finds a tombstone set into the floor. It bears the name Jacob Tess Freudstein. Scared and confused by her discovery, she hears noises emanating from all over the house and breaks down screaming. When Norman returns home, he reassures his distraught wife that its quite normal for some old houses in the region to have indoor tombs, because of the hard wintery ground. Producing a set of keys and a flashlight, Norman opens the cellar door and proceeds to walk down the stairs only be attacked by a large bat, which sinks its teeth into his hand and proves incredibly hard to get off. Norman stabs at its loasome pulpy body over and over in which the things oozes globs of blood before dropping dead to the kitchen floor. Now completely spooked, the family drives down to the estate officce where they demand to be rehoused. Their demands are met with exaggerated yawns from Harold. They are told they will have to wait just a few more days before they can move somewhere else. That Freudstein place he intones as they leave.The next day while the Boyles are at the hospital to look over Norman's injury caused by the bat, Mrs. Gittelson arrives at the house to tell the family that a property has been found for them. When no one answers her knock, she lets herself in. When she casually stands on the Freudstein tombstone, it cracks apart, grinding her ankle. As she struggles to free herself, an apparently cadaverous figure (unseen except for a normal left arm and a rotting right forearm) emerges from the cellar and attacks her with a fireplace poker, stabbing her repeatedly in the neck. Mrs. Gittelson bleeds to death when blood jets from her multiple wounds and she's dragged to the cellar.The next morning, Lucy finds Anne scrubbing up a huge bloodstain on the kitchen floor leading to the closed cellar door. When asked what she is doing, Anne is noncommittal and eludes Lucy's attempts to talk. At a local coffee shop in town, Norman tells Lucy that he's discovered that the mysterious Dr. Freudstein was a turn-of-the-century surgeon with a penchant for illegal experiments. Norman tells Lucy that he will be traveling back to New York for more research on Dr. Freudstein, telling Lucy that he will be away until well after nightfall. On the way, Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette recording of Dr. Peterson, whos deranged ramblings explain the horrific circumstantial which drove him to suicide. He was not the killer of his mistress and children, but the ghoulish Dr. Fredustein was.Back at the house, Anne goes down into the cellar looking for Bob, when she is attacked and decapitated by the still-unseen Dr. Freudstein. Bob goes down to investigate, when he sees Anne's severed head come rolling down the metal stairs and runs back screaming, just in time to avoid being shut in with the monstrous denizen. Lucy at first refuses to believe the frantic Bob's wild tale about Anne being killed. However, Lucy cannot find any trace of Anne anywhere in the house. That evening, after his mother has gone to bed, Bob returns to the cellar with a flashlight to look for Anne. The door behind him slams shut, and glowing eyes peer at him from the darkness.Lucy is woken up by Bob's frenzied shrieks for help, and she tries to open the cellar door. The key snaps. Lucy tries using a knife as jimmy, but it too snaps. As Lucy panics, Norman arrives back and attacks the cellar door with an axe. On the other side, the rotting hands of Dr. Freudstein (Giovanni De Nava) appear and hold Bob's head to the wooden panels. Normans axe blows come dangerously close to Bob's head, missing his son by a fraction of an inch. One blow chops off the monster's left hand, and he staggers away in pain from the door, dragging the unconscious Bob with him.At last, the cellar reveals its secrets opening up in full view to reveal a charnel house of mutilated bodies, its shadowy recesses dotted with surgical equipment and a gore-streaked pathology slab. The horribly deformed Dr. Freudstein is shown as a rotting living corpse with shrunken in eyes, and rotting flesh. As the couple ventures into the cellar to rescue their son, Norman breathlessly fills Lucy in on the details of his find. The 150-year-old Freudstein has apparently discovered a way of keeping himself alive by using the hacked up body parts of his victims to regenerate his blood cells. Norman attempts to attack Freudstein, but the revolting-looking ghoul twists the axe from Norman's grip. Norman then grabs a knife off the surgical tray and rams it into Freudstein's gut releasing a sickening stew of maggots and corrupted blood. Although wounded, the monstrous Freudstein continues to attack. Lucy and Bob watch in horror as Freudstein picks up Norman and literally ripps his throat out with his one rotting hand. Lucy and Bob spot a metal ladder in the corner of the basement which leads up to the cracked tombstone in the living room floor. With the ghastly monster standing between them and the cellar door, their only hope is to climb up the metal ladder and try to push apart the two stone segments to escape. Lucy strains desperately to shift the stone, but her ankle is grabbed by the perusing Dr. Freudstein. As Bob clings to the topmost rung, he sees his mother pulled down, her head battered by each metal step down. Freudstein finishes off Lucy by ramming her head into the concrete cellar floor, splattering it like a melon. As Freudstein advances up the metal latter to the helpless Bob, the little boy strains to escape by forcing his head through the jagged aperture. At the last minute, as Freudstein clutches the boy's ankle, Bob is yanked up and out of reach by unseen hands to find Mae standing before him. But with Mae is the 19th Century figure of her mother, Mary Freudstein (Teresa Rossi Passante), who gently urges them to leave for other people will no doubt drop in for her husband's continuing research for eternal life. Mrs. Freudstein leads Mae and Bob away from the house and down the wintery grove into a netherworld of ghosts and sadness.Quote from Henry James: No one will ever know whether children are monsters, or monsters are children.
tags: cruelty,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Marathon Man
synopsis: Thomas Levy (Dustin Hoffman), nicknamed Babe in the film, is a history Ph.D. candidate researching the same field as his father, who committed suicide after being investigated during the Joseph McCarthy era. Babe is also an avid runner, which lends the film its title. Babe's brother, Henry (Roy Scheider), better known as Doc, poses as an oil company executive but in fact is a U.S. government agent working for a secret agency headed up by Director Peter Janeway (William Devane). Babe is not aware of his brother's true occupation.Doc is often supposedly out of the country on business for extended periods of time but comes to New York under the guise of a visit to Babe. The brother of a Nazi war criminal possesses a safety deposit box key, but is killed in a traffic accident (after a road rage altercation with a short tempered middle-aged Jewish American motorist). Doc suspects that the criminal, Dr. Christian Szell (Laurence Olivier) will be arriving to retrieve an extremely valuable diamond collection. Szell later sends a burly assassin named Chen (James Wing Woo) to kill Doc in his Paris hotel room, but Doc fights the hit man and breaks his back.Babe enters into a relationship with a young woman named Elsa Opel (Marthe Keller), who claims to be from Switzerland. One night while out on a date Elsa and Babe are mugged in a park by two men dressed in suits. Some time later, Doc takes the couple to lunch, where he tricks Elsa into revealing that she has been lying to Babe about her background. Though Doc suspects she may have some connection to Szell, he tells Babe only that she is seeking an American husband so that she can become a U.S. citizen.After Szell arrives in America, Doc meets him to tell the former Nazi he is not welcome in the country, and also to warn Szell to stay away from Babe. Szell casually accepts the pronouncement, but then swiftly knifes Doc, wounding him severely. Doc is able to make it back to his brother's apartment, but collapses and dies in Babe's arms without telling him anything. The police interrogate Babe for hours, until government agents led by Peter Janeway arrive. Janeway asks Babe what Doc told him before he died, and informs Babe of his brother's career as a U.S. government agent. Babe insists that his brother did not tell him anything, but Janeway feels that Doc struggled all the way to Babe's apartment to give him vital information of some kind.Babe is later abducted from his apartment by Szell's subordinates, Karl and Erhardt (the two men from the park). In an infamous sequence, Babe is tortured by Szell, a skilled dentist, who repeatedly asks Is it safe? Confused by the question code phrase he does not understand, Babe denies any knowledge, but is tortured. The dentist offers him oil of cloves, an anesthetic, as positive inducement to cooperate. Eventually, Babe loses consciousness and Szell pauses his torture.Babe is then rescued by Janeway, who apparently kills Szell's bodyguards and takes Babe from Szell's hideout. As he drives, Janeway explains that Szell is in America to sell off his large cache of diamonds, which he had taken from Jews he had exterminated at Auschwitz during World War II. Janeway continually presses Babe about Doc's dying words, but Babe again insists he knows nothing. Frustrated, Janeway reveals himself as a double agent working with the Nazi criminal all along, and he turns Babe over to Karl and Erhardt (Janeway had only faked killing them). Szell, it turns out, is one of Janeway's highest level informants, and had informed on other Nazi war criminals in return for immunity.Delivered back into Szell's hands, the Nazi has a curiously kindly conversation with Babe before calmly explaining why he is holding Babe for questioning. Szell suspected that Doc would attempt to rob him of his diamonds, or rat on him to authorities; thus his desire to know if it's safe to withdraw the diamonds, i.e., whether Doc told Babe any incriminating information. Still unable to extract anything from Babe, he proceeds to drill into one of Babe's healthy teeth. Babe eventually escapes again, this time on his own, with Janeway and Szell's two henchmen giving chase in a car. Though exhausted and barefoot, he is able to outrun his pursuers in part by remembering famed marathon man Abebe Bikila, who ran barefoot.After inviting a neighborhood acquaintance and his toughs to break into his apartment and steal his pistol (the same pistol his father used to commit suicide), Babe phones Elsa, who agrees to meet him with a car. She drives him to a country home as a hideout. Babe guesses that she has set him up; she confesses that Szell's dead brother owned the home, and that she was one of Szell's couriers. Janeway and Szell's men arrive, but Babe avoids an ambush by taking Elsa hostage. In another twist, Janeway kills Szell's men and offers to let Babe kill Szell in revenge for Doc's death if Janeway can have the diamonds. Babe agrees, but as he leaves to find Szell, Janeway attempts to shoot Babe, but kills Elsa instead when she tries to alert Babe. Angered, Babe guns down Janeway.Back in New York, Szell attempts to determine the value of his diamonds. However, he chooses an appraiser in the Diamond District in midtown Manhattan, where many of the shop owners are Jewish. A shop assistant who is also an Auschwitz survivor believes he has recognized Szell as a wanted Nazi criminal. After Szell hurriedly leaves the shop, an elderly Jewish woman also recognizes him, but passersby think she is senile. Trying to cross the street to get closer to Szell in order to expose him she is hit by a taxi, causing a crowd to assemble to aid her. Amidst the confusion, the shop assistant appears again, directly confronting Szell. Becoming increasingly paranoid, Szell slits the man's throat with a retractable blade concealed in his sleeve.Szell retrieves his diamonds from the bank, but is taken hostage by Babe as he attempts to leave, who inconspicuously forces him into Central Park and into one of the pump rooms at the south end of the Reservoir. Babe holds Szell at gunpoint on a scaffold and seizes the diamonds; rather than kill Szell, Babe informs him that he will allow Szell to live and keep as many diamonds as he can swallow. Szell initially refuses, prompting Babe to begin throwing the diamonds into the water below them. Szell relents and swallows one diamond, but then refuses to cooperate further. Szell goes on to insult Babe, and after he spits in Babe's face a fight erupts in which Szell tries to stab Babe. Babe throws the remainder of the diamonds down the scaffold steps towards the water; Szell dives for them, but stumbles, and fatally falls on his own knife blade. Picking up his gun, Babe exits the pump room and heads out into Central Park. Stopping by the Reservoir, he throws the gun into the water.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  revenge, 

title: Crimson Peak
synopsis: Set in Cumbria, England, in a crumbling mansion in a largely rural and mountainous region of northern England in the early 20th century, young author Edith Cushing (Mia Wasikowska) falls in love and marries Sir Thomas Sharpe (Tom Hiddleston) but then discovers that her charming new husband is not who he appears to be. His home harbors ghostly, mysterious entities and secrets, which he and his sister, Lady Lucille Sharpe (Jessica Chastain), fiercely try to hide.At the start of the film (in the year 1887) a young Edith Cushing, the daughter of self-made industrialist, Carter Cushing (Jim Beaver), is introduced. Edith's mother died of black cholera when she was a young girl and Edith has a terrifying encounter with her mother's restless spirit. Wrapping her dark, decaying fingers around young Edith's shoulder as the girl shudders in her bed trying to will away her terror, the ghost whispers a warning: Beware of Crimson Peak.14 Years later, when Edith is a young woman living in Buffalo, New York she aspires to write about the ghosts she sees and encounters, though it is implied that her mother's is the clearest and most intimate encounter she has ever had. Instead, she is pressured into writing about romance as it is expected of her gender. Edith writes the story and it fails, though it passes the eye of a visiting aristocrat seeking funding for an invention of his own from Edith's father. The aristocrat is Sir Thomas Sharpe of Allerdale Hall, which is located atop a mine for red clay ultisol that is used in brick-making and rendering for iron ore. Being wary of aristocracy, the New York gentleman, Carter, turns away the Cumbria-born Sharpe with extreme distaste. Thomas turns his attentions to Edith and gains her affection by crediting her as a gifted writer and story-teller who doesn't merely write 'ghost stories', but rather writes stories that happen to have ghosts. Charmed by this notion, Edith begins a romance with Sir Thomas that is watched closely by her childhood friend, Dr. Alan McMichael (Charlie Hunnam).Mysteriously, Cushing is brutally killed, his skull crushed in. In the wake of his untimely death, Edith seeks solace in her romance with Sir Thomas who gently and tenderly seduces her into leaving New York for his own home in England to escape the ghosts of her past. Remembering the horror of being visited by her mother, Edith immediately agrees and sets sail for England. McMichael is wary of this arrangement and makes his own way to England later. Once at Allerdale Hall, a brilliantly clad but dilapidated mansion teetering on the red mire beneath it and crumbling under the snow and rain above, is revealed to be the Sharpe family home. Its unofficial name is Crimson Peak due to the red clay beneath it, though this is not mentioned to Edith at first, so the warning is not heeded. There, Lady Lucille Sharpe, Thomas' older sister who has already seemed cold and distant towards Edith despite her charming brother's demeanor and her apparent warmth for her brother, becomes even more cruel and controlling of Edith even denying her a copy of the keys to the rooms of the house itself. Edith is once again visited by the spirit of her mother who again wraps her fingers around Edith's shoulder and offers the same warning: Beware of Crimson Peak.Edith becomes inconsolable after visits by other ghosts begin to terrify her, but Lucille firmly insists that she stays. As Edith's inquiries about the house's and the family's histories begin to become more vocal, ghosts begin to appear all the more, beckoning her to the mines below. Despite a warning from her husband, who is awaiting the fortune of the late Carter Cushing, who is revealed to have been killed by Lucille, Edith ventures into the attic where the two siblings were holed up by their abusive mother and to the rendering vats below in the mines where she uncovers the decaying corpse of Sir Thomas's last victim.Thomas and Lucille have been using the inheritance of brides whose families lost their patriarch to fund Thomas's inventive efforts. It is revealed that the siblings conspired both to murder the holder of the fortune if necessary and then the woman herself. It is also revealed that Thomas has an incestuous relationship with his sister who seduced him at a young age and that Lucille also conspired to free them and 'never be apart' by killing their own mother who had discovered the siblings' sexual relationship. Left with the house to tend to, the two clung to their cursed surroundings and began the plots of marriage and slaying out of necessity. Sir Thomas has truly fallen in love with Edith, however, and cannot this time bring himself to do the deed. Insane with jealousy and greed, Lucille loses her calm demeanor and becomes a feral killer.McMichael arrives to take Edith back to New York only to be stabbed and wounded terribly by a knife-wielding Lucille. Realizing that his wife is in mortal danger, Thomas helps Edith escape the house and is killed by Lucille in the process, dying the better man he had always wished to be. Edith becomes enraged that the man she loved was so corrupted by Lucille and herself strikes back with an equally large butcher knife. The two women battle one another intensely with Lucille doing considerable bloody damage, but ultimately being slain by Edith herself. Leaving the corpse of Lucille, Edith returns to the house and rescues McMichael.The two escape to a nearby city while the film reveals the images of the Sharpe siblings' ghosts now residing in the home. Lucille continues to play the piano and seems to have her eyes filled with hate while the once charming Sir Thomas is steeped in sorrow and shame.
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  romantic, 

title: Just Before Dawn
synopsis: Two men named Ty (Mike Kellin) and Vachel (Charles Bartlett) are hunting in a forest and come across an abandoned church, which they go in to explore. After Ty sees their truck being crashed into a tree, Vachel is stabbed with a serrated machete by a chuckling assailant who then dons Vachel's hat and jacket. Ty, seeing the murderer come out of the church, quietly flees off into the forest. Meanwhile, forest ranger Roy McLean (George Kennedy) is at his home, where he encounters a van of five college-aged adults heading to rural property which one of them has inherited. Despite his insistence that they not venture up the mountain, the five continue along. Among them are Warren (Gregg Henry); his girlfriend Constance (Deborah Benson); Jonathan (Chris Lemmon), and his girlfriend, Megan (Jamie Rose); and Daniel, Jonathan's brother (Ralph Seymour).
On their way up the mountain, they hit a deer, and encounter Ty stumbling through the woods on his way down the mountain; they dismiss his warnings of demons, as he is visibly drunk. After reaching a point where the van cannot drive any further, the group set out and foot and make a campsite; at night, while around the fire, Constance, Megan, and Daniel hear noises around them and become frightened, only to find that Jonathan and Warren are playing a joke on them. The next morning, they hike along Silver Creek to a waterfall, where they see a young girl named Merry Cat Logan (Kati Powell) singing before noticing their presence and running into the woods. Megan and Jonathan go skinny dipping at the bottom of the falls, unaware that someone else has entered the water. Megan feels hands touching her and assumes it's Jonathan, until she sees him on shore, whereupon she panics and swims to safety.
When the group splits up to go exploring, Jonathan spots Merry and chases after her. She runs to a clearing but sees something that frightens her and hides behind some trees. Jonathan assumes it's the rope bridge over the waterfall ahead and begins to go across, only to be confronted by the killer, who cuts his hand with his machete. The killer severs the bridge and Jonathan plummets into the water below. Unable to swim, he attempts to climb back up over the ledge using the rope. When he reaches the ledge, the killer kicks him in the face, and he falls to his demise. Meanwhile, Megan and Daniel are taking photographs in the woods, and come across the church and a graveyard. Daniel, who has lost his glasses, sees a figure coming through the woods, and thinks it's Jonathan. He and Megan pretend to kiss as a joke, but as the figure comes closer, Daniel realizes it is not his brother. The figure stabs Daniel, and Megan flees into the church, where she watches through the window as the killer investigates Daniel's camera. Suddenly, another identical man emerges behind her inside the church, realizing that the two are identical twins; she is murdered in the church while the other twin photographs her death from outside the window.
Warren and Constance (now barefoot and in shorts) return to the camp, but cannot find anyone else. While wading through the river, they encounter Jonathan's body floating downstream, and pull him out. As night approaches, Warren leaves Constance at the campsite to retrieve the car keys from Jonathan's body, but it's not where he left it; nearby, he finds Jonathan's body against a tree. Meanwhile, Ty finally encounters Roy in the woods and tells him about the twins at the church. Roy goes out on his horse to find the teens, and comes across Merry's family. They tell him that the twins were actually their own and their mother died during childbirth, so he mated with his daughter and had Merry. Left alone, Constance is attacked by one of the twins, who chases her up a tree. The twin cuts down the tree, and just before he is about to kill Constance, Roy shoots him and he tells the couple to go pack their items. They go back to camp, as Merry runs through the woods to find them. At camp, the other twin stabs Warren and tries to kill Constance, who rams her fist down his throat, choking him to death. Warren begins to sob and Merry watches from the trees, as the sun rises in the forest.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  suspenseful, 

title: Pandorum
synopsis: The film begins in space with title cards appearing, referencing the technological evolution of space travel. Along with the population on Earth growing to the point of it exceeding the carry capacity and humanity has fought over the last natural resources. In the year 2174, a ship called Elysium is launched. In space, we see the massive ship flying towards the stars. On the bridge of the ship, officers receive a message from Earth. The message is You're all that's left of us. Good luck, God Bless, and God speed.Bower (Ben Foster) wakes up from his hyper-sleep pod and panics from claustrophobia due to being in a closed space. He manages to free himself from the pod and rips out the tubes going into his body. He sees that he has a series of numbers tattooed on his arm. After peeling away his dead skin, he sees that he is alone. Not knowing what's going on, he finds a locker with his name on it and puts on some clothes. He finds a picture of a woman. He notices a couple of other pods nearby. A pod for Cooper is empty. Another pod still has Payton (Dennis Quad) inside. Bower tries to wake Payton up by slamming something against the sealed pod, but he hardly makes a scratch on it. He tries to open the door of the room but it's locked. A power surge shakes the ship, causing Payton to finally wake up. Both men are suffering from memory loss due the General Anesthesia they received in hyper-sleep and can't remember what the mission is nor the destination. Payton is a Lieutenant and Bower is a Corporal. They realize that something's wrong since they're all alone. The numbers tattooed on their arms indicate which group they belong to. Another power surge shakes the ship and Bower realizes that he's an engineer. Something's wrong with the reactor and he needs to fix it. Payton gets a nearby command center working by using the auxiliary power. He tries to call for help but no one answers. They hear a noise coming from a nearby vent.Payton decides that they need to find the crew members and get to the bridge to see what's happening. He sends Bower to find a way out in the vents while he stays behind at the command center to guide him around the ship. The vents are filled with tubes and are hard to crawl through. Bower tries to find his way to another room but the vents look endless and run in every direction. After feeling like he's going in circles, he panics and becomes claustrophobic again. Payton via radio calms Bower down by joking that he got the door open. Bower falls down a shaft and lands face-first on a grate. The fall causes him to lose contact with Payton. Bower lights a glow stick and sees Cooper's decomposing corpse right next to him. He falls through the grate and ends up in a storage compartment. Bower gets up but still can't communicate with Payton. The ship's corridors are long and dark.While searching around, Bower comes across a woman, (named Nadia in the credits, Antje Traue), trying to open a door. He tries to talk to her, but she quickly runs away. While chasing after her, he sees that she has seemingly stopped in a corridor. He tries to tell her that he's part of the crew and he needs to know what's going on. She remains silent. He shines his light on the figure and sees that it's not a woman but a man; a man who has been hung by his neck and is his stomach is cut opened. The woman pops up and attacks Bower, mugging him at knife point. She holds him down, taking his supplies, and orders him to remove his shoes as she only has toeless socks on her feet. She threaten to gut him if he resists. But suddenly they both hear screeching nearby.Nadia runs away and Bower is left confused. He sees a blue light at the end of the corridor and the screeching gets louder. The blue lights are blow torches attached to spears carried by pale, scar covered, and armor wearing humanoid creatures (called The Hunters in the credits). The half-eaten man is pulled up and devoured. Bower runs back to the room he came through and hides in the storage compartment. While the creature looks for him, Payton's voice comes through the radio. The creature tears open the compartment and snatches Cooper's body. After the creature leaves, Bower is scared, telling Payton that something not human is on-board the ship.Their memories start to return and remembers the mission. Payton says that there is no rescue nor turning back and turns out that the Elysium is not hauling cargo but that they are the cargo. The destination was Earth-like planet called Tanis which was one way ticket to colonize. The crew has been split into groups/shifts to work with 60,000 passengers on board. At the end of a groups turn (a couple of years), they are supposed to wake up the next group and debrief them. Bower also gets a childhood flashback remembering Tanis being discovered, watching it on television with his family being inspired by the idea of sending people up there. Bower then remembers his wife and that families of the crew were allowed to travel on the ship. Bower stops being scared and becomes desperate to find her before the creatures do. He also remembers that Payton has a wife as well. Payton tries to be the voice of reason and convince him to continue making his way to the reactor. If Bower can fix it, the power will come back on for the ship and they can implement security measures.Bower looks around and finds a security room. He finds a non-lethal anti-riot gun which Payton says is deadly up-close and straps it to his arm. He goes into the corridors again and sees a hanged man. He thinks that he's going crazy since it looks like the same hanged man from before. However, upon closer inspection he finds that the man is different (he's still alive and in one piece). Bower cuts him down and is introduced to Shepard (Norman Reedus). Shepard is part of another group and has been by himself for a long time. Bower says that his commanding officer want's to know what's happening. Shepard says that there's no commanding officer and covers himself in oil to cover his scent from the creatures. He tries to leave but sees blue lights coming towards them. The creatures chase Bower and Shepard through the ship. The creatures are fast and have sharp weapons. They eventually string Shepard back up and Bower tries to shoot the creatures in order to save him, but his shot is blocked by a glass door. The creatures cut Shepard's stomach open, feeding on him, and they notice Bower which results in a chase. He runs into a man (named Mahn in the credits, Cung Le), who helps him escape from them but loses communication with Payton. Bower thanks him but can't understand Manh's language but still manages to communicate that he's part of the crew. He sees Manh's tattoo and sees that he's part of the agriculture crew. He tells him that he's going to start up the reactor and tells Manh to stay put. Meanwhile, Payton starts to get a bloody nose and gets increasingly scared that he can't talk to Bower.Bower finds a housing container that acts as a living quarters. He sees that there are several other containers as well and food. Bower is attacked by Nadia again, making fall from a great distance. However, instead of gutting him like she said she would, she shows sympathy by asking if he is okay, then Manh pops up to defend Bower again. As Nadia and Manh fight, Bower fires off a shot into the air. He acts as the voice of reason, telling her that he understands that its felt like every man for himself and she wants to survive, but solidarity is the far more effective survival strategy. Bower tells Nadia that they need to start the reactor or else they'll lose everything, but she says that no one has ever came back from going that far down. Bower asks who she is but Nadia acts aloof, saying nobody. She is a very cynical woman and doesn't trust him, putting a knife to his neck when he touches her. But eventually agrees to show him the way to the reactor after founding out he is apart of the flight crew(whom she thought was all dead) as he could fly the ship and land it.They come across a hallway with water dipping from the ceiling and find themselves surrounded by creatures. A power surge shakes the ship, allowing Nadia to activate a door open. The creatures close in on them and Mahn holds up his spear unwilling to go down without a fight. They barely make it inside and seal the door where reveals some more about herself. Nadia has been awake for months and there use to be five of them that protected this room. To them it seemed worth protecting as it's an Embryonic chamber holding livestock and wildlife re-population that holds the world they are going to live in, stating that the ship is a Noah's Ark. She is a former biologist from Germany who spend seven years working for the Brandenburg Institute genetic sampling team collecting and readying earth's biosphere for the trip to Tanis. Her motive for enlisting on the mission was because she was a workaholic and it didn't felt right handing off the genetic samples so she volunteered to go along with it. She pours her heart out and broods about her amnesiac state, saying that she can remember the vault and its systems but she can't remember where she grew up or her brother's name. As a quirk she practices entomophagy, where she eats grasshoppers stating that it is good for protein and offers Bower some. He accepts and they eat together which disgusts Mahn.After a while, Nadia leads the team through a part of the ship that holds civilian pods, telling them to keep quit and not slow her down. Bower notices that the majority of the pods are empty. Nadia tells him that it's the creatures hunting ground and tells them to hurry. Bower wonders if his wife is there, but Nadia tells him that the families of the crew are held in another area of the ship. Mahn gets distracted by something and holds his spear up. Bower quietly tells him to move but he don't, knowing something is following them. Nadia coldly says that they should leave him behind as he is slowing them down. Bower objects at first but he has no choice but to keep moving.Bower suddenly disappears. Nadia walks over to where he was and falls down a grate. Bower lights up a glow stick and they both see that they've fallen into a massive pit of bones and gore. The creatures appear above the grate and move through the area. Bower climbs out of the pit first but keeps Nadia at bay. While he looks around, he's attacked by a creature. Bower is thrashed around while suffering from Pandorum and Manh comes to defend him again. He stabs the creature in the head, but it's still alive. Nadia manages to stab it in the leg but is thrashed around as well. Bower manages to stab it in the chest, and the trio repeatedly stab it until it's dead. The other creatures were watching and their leader gives them a case to run. It roars to its mates and some jump on the defeated creature and begin to devour it while others give chase to the trio. They come into another area and witness a man wake up from his pod. Bower attempts to help him but is too late as the man is stabbed in the head and eaten by the creatures. However, they mention to escape.Meanwhile, Payton continues to hear more and more noise coming from the vent. He grabs a pipe and climbs up. As he enters the vent, through the mass of hoses and wires, he sees a human arm reach out for him. Gallo (Cam Gigandet) is naked and covered in blood/slime and Payton pulls him through and locks the vent. Gallo says that he came from the bridge before passing out.The group appear to be lost and Bower complains that he thought Nadia knew where they were going. Nadia then irritably tells him that she was just trying to save their lives. They then take refuge in a room covered in algae and seal the door shut. Back to Bower and his team. They find that they are not alone. A hermit (named Leland in the credits, Eddie Rouse) has been living in the room for years now. Leland is situated on a balcony above the team so that they can't reach him. He makes them some food which made with the algae and welcomes them to his home.Back to Payton; Gallo is passed out. Payton inspects his arm and sees that he's part of the previous group. Gallo wakes up and asks Payton what he's doing. Payton asks where they are and Gallo states that all the stars look alike, that they are lost in space. Some of the blood on Gallo is from someone else, which makes Payton suspicious. Gallo says that he was with two other crew members, but they suffered from Pandorum (i.e. space madness) and he was forced to kill them. Payton loads a needle gun with a shot to calm Gallo down, but he refuses to take it and becomes hostile. He accuses Payton of having Pandorum and insists that he is the one who needs the shot instead.Meanwhile, Nadia tries to clean her cut wounds that she received from their battle with pieces of her dirty clothing. Bower shows concern and asks if it is safe to clean herself with that. But Nadia sarcastically responds with sass saying that its nothing compared to facing those things. This leads to them having a conservation about what they are where Bower jokes about them being Aliens to lighten the mood. She tells him her theory that the creatures are actually passengers. In all the hyper-sleep pods, everyone was supplied with an accelerator to speed up adaptation and jump evolution to adjust to the conditions on Tanis. Instead, it could have made some people adapted to the ship. However, Bower questions why they nor Leland (who has been awaken for years) hasn't adapted at all. Nadia believes that the creatures may have been on the ship far longer than any of them.Gallo tells Payton how Pandorum causes extreme paranoia and how it has an emotional trigger. What caused it with his crew is that Earth had mysteriously vanished and the thousands of people on the ship are all that's left of humanity - Leland tells the team what happened afterward based on accounts of other passengers and drawings depicted on the walls in his lair. Leland states that he would grow into manhood and Gallo is depicted with something abnormal with his mind as electric sparks appear around his head and blood is drawn around his noses. This strongly hints that he developed Pandorum. This strongly hints that had awaken other passengers to play nasty little games as he puts it. He would be their master or slayer to them, both God and the Devil as that is what some would say. He would send those who had behaved to exile themselves in the cargo hold to play nasty little game. This game involved them performing similar activities to that of the Hunters, where they hung each other on ropes, cutting their stomachs open, and cannibalizing each other. The drawings depicting the events show these passengers grabbing their heads as blood pours from their noses and electric sparks appear around them. Which suggests that Gallo drove them mad and Pandorum was the cause of the cannibalistic behavior on the ship. Eventually he went back into hyper-sleep. As he slept, a whole new world of evil grew as Leland puts it. Then the group is gassed by him while Gallo watches Payton go mad from the truth, waiting...Bower wakes up to find himself, Nadia, and Manh hung upside down in the room. Leland is a survivalist who plans on eating them for food, which he has been doing for years with both human and the creatures. Nadia mouths off and Leland stabs her in the chest. He's about to fillet her when a power surge shakes the ship. He states that with Earth gone and the ship not working, there is nothing else left to live for than to go by his survival instincts and he wouldn't have survived this long if he had a heart. It's just survival of the fittest now, or maybe the brightest, as he puts it. Bower tells him that it was the last power surge. If they don't start the reactor within the hour, everything in the ship will shut down for good. Bower says that he understands why Leland is doing what he is doing and that no one was going to judge him, with Leland showing remorse for what he has done for all these years. Leland cuts them down and makes them walk through the ship at gunpoint with Bower's weapon.Meanwhile, things get heated with Gallo and Payton. Gallo thinks that they should evacuate the ship while they still can, but Payton is confident that Bower will fix the reactor. Gallo insists that Payton is starting to exhibit signs of Pandorum. Payton says that Gallo is crazy and continues to order him to stand down.The team comes across a hunter child feeding on algae covering the ship which Mahn tries to kill but Nadia stops him confusing it for human and it alerts other hunters. They escape to a part of the ship that holds the pods for families of the crew where all of them appear to be empty and Bower believes that they are all dead. Nadia appears to have warmed up to Bower after he saved his life and cares about him founding his wife, asking him if he thinks that she is here somewhere. But he remembers that the woman in the photo is no longer his wife and isn't on the ship. She left him and he had nothing left on Earth, so he signed up to be the engineer on the mission to found a place in history. This means that she vanished along with Earth. Out of empathy Nadia, tries to give emotional support to help him remain optimistic by saying she saved his life by leaving him. But he is so consumed by grief he becomes pessimistic, believing that there is nothing left to go back, which almost makes him give up on the mission. But Nadia continues to be optimistic and gets him motivated again by saying they were meant to go on and they were meant to survive, and now it's more important than ever. Bower than sees the pod for Paytons wife and remembers her name. He also remembers something else about Payton....The team makes it to the reactor but find that below it is the sleeping ground for the creatures. Bower tries to walk across a catwalk to the reactor but it gives way. Manh holds onto the catwalk while Nadia runs across to help Bower. Seeing that Manh can't hold the weight of both of them, Bower allows himself to fall down to where the creatures are. Bower covers himself with skin/slime so that the creatures won't pick up his scent. He then crawls amongst them to get to the ladder leading up to the reactor. Once he gets there, Leland accidentally drops a light down to where the creatures are, waking them all up. Leland runs away while Manh drops the catwalk, crushing a couple of creatures. He makes noises and leads the creatures away from Bower & Nadia. Bower climbs up to the reactor and turns on the power, which fries some creatures in the process.Gallo takes control of the needle gun and forces Payton to open his pod. Gallo has Payton start the ejection sequence and gets inside. However, Payton tricks Gallo and instead just locks him inside the pod.Elsewhere, Manh manages to elude the hunters but then runs into the leader. Mahn is again unwilling to go down without a fight. The leader notices this and tosses him a spear to fight back with but the fight is mostly one sided. The leader pins Manh against a wall and starts to eat his stomach. Manh grabs a knife and repeatedly stabs the leader in the head until it dies. Apparently the creature was teaching its young how to fight, as Manh then turns around to find it's child staring at him. He contemplates killing the child, but lowers his knife. The child in turn slices Manh's throat open. Manh falls to the ground and the child begins to feed.Bower turns on the reactor, providing power to the ship (which opens the door to the bridge). Payton is happy that Bower succeeded, but then finds that Gallo has escaped from his pod. Gallo attacks Payton and they fight for control over the needle gun. During the fight, their arms merge together. It's shown that Payton is the only person there and has been fighting himself. After Payton stabs himself in the leg with the needle, Leland winds up in the command center. Payton promptly fires the needle gun into Leland's eye, rendering him unconscious.Bower and Nadia make it back to the bridge while being chased by cannibals. They lock the door and find Payton already there. Bower knew Payton's wife and knew the real Payton. It's revealed that Payton is actually Gallo! He was interacting with a younger version of himself (how he looked when he first started working on the ship) playing mind games with himself like he did with the passengers. Bower remembers what the real Payton looks like and knows that Gallo is the God & Devil from the story. When he went back to hyper-sleep, he got into Payton's pod instead of his own. Gallo says that doesn't remember what life was like before the flight and the ship is all he has left. Bower asks Gallo where exactly they are. After opening the window shields, all they can see is darkness and Bower panics from claustrophobia feeling that there is no escape. This, the revelation of the fate of Earth, and his ex-wife is too much for Bower and the effects of Pandorum start to catch up to him.It's revealed that Gallo has became so paranoid that has has turned into an antihumanist. Because human civilization had ruin Earth's resources with overpopulation, he has come to believe that moralistic altruism is petty and life eating life like in the wildness is perfect. He tells Bower that with the ship they can create a new world with the ship (alluding to Nadia's theory) but in a wild primitive state. Meaning that he purposefully created the creatures that now roam the ship. He now attempts to exploit Bower's descent into madness like he did with the paranoid passengers and convert him to savagery.It turns out that Gallo was lying earlier about them being lost in space. The flight log shows they have been on the ship for 923 years and realize that Elysium has been on Tanis the entire time, crash-landed in an ocean underwater. The creatures are not the passengers, nor did the passengers mutated but instead they are their descendants who evolved into a new species after generations of ecological selection, continuing the game Gallo had started with their ancestors as tradition. Gallo then attacks Bower but Nadia tries to stop him but due to her injury she is overpowered. Bower hallucinates about creatures trying to break into the bridge. Then Nadia sees fish swimming past the ship. Gallo begins to press Bower's face against the chair until he finally succumbs to Pandorum and Nadia tries to defend him. But due to her stab wound Gallo throws her off and advances on her with her own knife. Bower, still hallucinating, shoots a compartment (thinking a creature is coming through), causing a piece to crack the window. Nadia calls out to Bower snapping out of his delirium and he grabs her just in time before the windows break from the water pressure, flooding the ship with water. They run off leaving Gallo drowns along with Leland and the cannibals.Bower and Nadia run back to Bower's pod. They both get in and seal the door shut, but a lot of water gets in as well. Bower lets Nadia have his air mask while he almost drowns. The pod pops out of the surface of the ocean. Bower and Nadia survive and look around the alien planet. Bower comforts her telling her that it's safe to awake up now and she smiles. The ship, experiencing a hull breach, enacts the evacuation plan and ejects all the remaining pods. Soon the rest of the pods pop out of the ocean and the remaining people start to wake up. Bower smiles and puts his head on Nadia's in relief that they have completed their mission.The film ends with text, stating that the population on Tanis year ONE is 1,213 humans. Bower had found a place in history.
tags: gothic,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  insanity,  action,  suspenseful, 

title: Reazione a catena
synopsis: At a remote mansion overlooking a vast, empty bay lake, Countess Federica (Isa Miranda), wheels herself through her dark, empty house. She sorrowfully looks out her window at the rain when Filippo Donati (Giovanni Nuvoletti), her husband, appears and murders her by wrapping a noose around her neck and kicks her out of her wheelchair. The countess cannot stand on or move her useless legs and is strangled to death. But then Filippo is then murdered by a unseen killer who jumps out at him from behind a curtain, and drags his body away. The presence of a suicide note, stolen from the countess' diary, leads the police to believe that she has killed herself.Several days later, Frank Ventura (Chris Avram), a real estate agent, and his secretary/lover Laura (Anna Maria Rosati) are in bed discussing their plans to take over Countess Federicas property following her murder. They both realized the bay's potential to fetch a large price on the estate market, and they are the ones who have convinced Donati to murder his wife. All that Ventura needs to take control of the bay is Donati's signature on some paperwork, although he does not realize that Donati too has been murdered. Ventura plans to go to his cottage, which adjoins the desired property, to meet with Donati. Laura, jealous of Ventura's obsession with the property, asks to come along. When he tells her to stay put, she complains that he enjoys making her life miserable. Ventura tells Laura about a 'squonk' which is mystical creature who is crafty, but never stops whimpering. Laura understands the analogy and agrees to be patient.Back at the bay, Paolo Foscari (Leopoldo Trieste), an entomologist who owns a small house on the grounds, is hard at work trying to capture an insect. He runs into Simon (Claudio Volonte), a handyman who also lives on the property and makes a living by catching squid in the bay. During their conversation, Foscari suggests that the countess might have been murdered. Very defensively, Simon replies that the police ruled it a suicide. Foscari sarcastically replies that it was a suicide before running off to catch more insects.Meanwhile, four rowdy teenagers, Brunhilda (Brigette Skay), Denise (Paola Rubens), Duke (Guido Boccaccini), and Robert (Roberto Bonanni), arrive at the bay for a day of partying and fun. The trouble-making teens break into Ventura's vacant cottage to steal some liquor and smoke some dope. While Denise and Duke retreat to a nearby bedroom for sex, Robert, makes a fire in the fireplace, while Brunhilda goes swimming in the bay. There, she accidentally discovers the badly decomposed body of Filippo Donati floating under water. In a panic state, she runs out of the water, quickly dresses, and runs back to the cottage to tell the others of her find, only to get chased and attacked by a unseen maniac wielding a large billhook, who catches up to her and slashes her throat. Robert is next when he opens the front door of the cottage after hearing a noise and is whacked in the face with the same billhook. The unseen killer takes a fisherman's spear, and kills both Denise and Duke by impaling them in bed while they are in the middle of sex.As night falls on the bay, Renata (Claudine Auger), Donati's estranged daughter, arrives in a mobile home with her weak-willed husband Albert (Luigi Pistilli), hoping to lay claim to the bay estate. Leaving their two young children asleep in their camper, the couple pay a visit to Foscari and his wife Anna (Laura Betti), a fortune teller and tarot reader with a very supercilious nature. Sitting down for tea, Anna slyly insinuates that the countess' death was probably Renata's father's doing, and that Simon may be the one to inherit the property. Shocked to discover that she has a half-brother, Renata leaves with Albert who tells him that Simon will have to be disposed of.Renata and Albert meet with Simon to talk with him about the countess' death when they discover the badly decomposed body of Donati's in Simon's boat. Simon claims to have only found the body floating in the bay and will inform the authorities. Renata and Albert flee to stop at Venturas cottage hoping to meet with him, but find it apparently deserted. When Albert walks away for a moment, Ventura suddenly appears and attempts to kill Renata. She runs into the bathroom where she discovers the four mutilated, dead bodies of the teenagers. But Renata gets the upper hand by grabbing a pair of scissors, and stabbing Ventura. This is accidently witnessed by Foscari, and when he runs back to his house to call the police, Albert follows him there and strangles him to death. When Anna, hearing the commotion at Ventura's cottage, arrives there and gets decapitated by Renata weilding an rafting axe. Frightened by the aura of violence around him and disgusted with himself for killing an innocent man, Albert tries to persuade Renata to make a run for it. But the murderous Renata tells Albert that she has no intention of giving up when she's so close to inheriting the bay. She also reminds Albert that they still have to kill Simon.Things gets more complicated when Laura shows up at the bay looking for Ventura, when she stumbles into Simon's shack on the bay where he appears and threatens her with a machete. It is revealed by Simon that Ventura hired him to murder Filippo Donati with the promise that Ventura will give him his share of the property and money to leave the country. Simon really is the countess illegitimate son who was supported by his mother all this time and the one who murdered the four teenager after one of them discovered the body of Donati since he was ordered by Ventura not to let Donati's death be made public knowledge until after Simon inherits the bay. Furious at Laura when he finds out that she and Ventura were responsible for Donati murdering his mother, he attempt to kill her too. But at first Laura gets the upper hand by throwing a pot of boiling water on Simon, scalding his face. But he quickly recovers and strangles her with his bare hands.Simon then goes after both Renata and Albert hiding out in the property. But then Albert turns the tables on Simon by impaling him to a wall with the same fisherman's spear Simon used to kill two of the teens. With Simon finally taken care of, Renata and Albert search the countess' house for the missing will which has the listings of beneficiaries. But then Ventura, who was presumed to be dead, shows up and attempts to kill both of them, but is then dealt with by Albert who kills him for good.The next morning, with all the loose ends tied up and the countess will burned, Renata and Albert plan to return home to wait for news of her inheritance of the bay. But in an ironic twist, both Renata and Albert are shot to death by the very own neglected children, who playfully point a loaded shotgun at their parents and shoot them both down. The little girl says to her brother, Gee, they sure are good at playing dead, aren't they? The sister and brother then run out of the camper to playfully skip some stones by the water.
tags: dark,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  storytelling,  flashback,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: The Silence of the Lambs
synopsis: FBI trainee Clarice Starling is pulled from her training at the FBI Academy at Quantico, Virginia by Jack Crawford of the Bureau's Behavioral Science Unit. He assigns her to interview Hannibal Lecter, a former psychiatrist and incarcerated cannibalistic serial killer, whose insight might prove useful in the pursuit of a serial killer nicknamed Buffalo Bill, who skins his female victims' corpses.
Starling travels to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane, where she is led by Frederick Chilton to Lecter's solitary quarters. Although initially pleasant and courteous, Lecter grows impatient with Starling's attempts at dissecting him and rebuffs her. As she is leaving, one of the prisoners flicks semen at her. Lecter, who considers this act unspeakably ugly, calls Starling back and tells her to seek out an old patient of his. This leads her to a storage shed where she discovers a man's severed head with a sphinx moth lodged in its throat. She returns to Lecter, who tells her that the man is linked to Buffalo Bill. He offers to profile Buffalo Bill on the condition that he be transferred away from Chilton, whom he detests.
Buffalo Bill abducts a U.S. Senator's daughter, Catherine Martin. Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer if he provides information that helps them find Buffalo Bill and rescue Catherine. Instead, Lecter demands a quid pro quo from Starling, offering clues about Buffalo Bill in exchange for personal information. Starling tells Lecter about the murder of her father when she was ten years old. Chilton secretly records the conversation and reveals Starling's deceit before offering Lecter a deal of Chilton's own making. Lecter agrees and is flown to Memphis, Tennessee, where he verbally torments Senator Ruth Martin and gives her misleading information on Buffalo Bill, including the name Louis Friend.
Starling notices that Louis Friend is an anagram of iron sulfide — fool's gold. She visits Lecter, who is now being held in a cage-like cell in a Tennessee courthouse, and asks for the truth. Lecter tells her that all the information she needs is contained in the case file. Rather than give her the real name, he insists that they continue their quid pro quo and she recounts a traumatic childhood incident where she was awakened by the sound of spring lambs being slaughtered on a relative's farm in Montana. Starling admits that she still sometimes wakes thinking she can hear lambs screaming, and Lecter speculates that she is motivated to save Catherine in the hope that it will end the nightmares. Lecter gives her back the case files on Buffalo Bill after their conversation is interrupted by Chilton and the police, who escort her from the building. Later that evening, Lecter kills his guards, escapes from his cell and disappears.
Starling analyzes Lecter's annotations to the case files and realizes that Buffalo Bill knew his first victim personally. Starling travels to the victim's hometown and discovers that Buffalo Bill was a tailor, with dresses and dress patterns identical to the patches of skin removed from each of his victims. She telephones Crawford to inform him that Buffalo Bill is trying to fashion a woman suit of real skin, but Crawford is already en route to make an arrest, having cross-referenced Lecter's notes with hospital archives and finding a man named Jame Gumb, who once applied unsuccessfully for a sex-change operation. Starling continues interviewing friends of Buffalo Bill's first victim in Ohio while Crawford leads an FBI HRT team to Gumb's address in Illinois. The house in Illinois is empty, and Starling is led to the house of Jack Gordon, who she realizes is actually Jame Gumb, again by finding a sphinx moth. She pursues him into his multi-room basement, where she discovers that Catherine is still alive, but trapped in a dry well. After turning off the basement lights, Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night-vision goggles, but gives his position away when he cocks his revolver. Starling reacts just in time and fires all of her rounds at Gumb, killing him.
Sometime later, at her FBI Academy graduation party, Starling receives a phone call from Lecter, who is at an airport in Bimini. He assures her that he does not plan to pursue her and asks her to return the favor, which she says she cannot do. Lecter then hangs up the phone, saying that he is having an old friend for dinner, and starts following a newly arrived Chilton before disappearing into the crowd.
tags: dark,  suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  neo noir,  psychological,  mystery,  dramatic,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  good versus evil,  romantic,  revenge, 

title: Phantasm
synopsis: In the opening scene, an attractive blond woman wearing a lavender colored dress is making out with a man in a local cemetery, which suddenly ends when the woman pulls out a dagger and stabs the man to death.Meanwhile, 24-year-old musician Jody Pearson is raising his 13-year-old brother Mike in a small southern California town disturbed by the mysterious deaths of its citizens. Reggie, a family man and ice cream vendor, joins the brothers in their suspicions that the local mortician, dubbed The Tall Man, is responsible for the deaths.Mike relays his fears to a fortuneteller and her granddaughter about the possibility of Jody departing and leaving him in the care of his aunt, along with his suspicions about The Tall Man. Mike is shown a small black box and told to put his hand into it. After the box grips his hand, Mike is told by the granddaughter not to be afraid and as the panic subsides, the box relaxes its grip. The notion of fear itself as the killer is established and is what propels Mike towards his final confrontation in the film with The Tall Man.Fearing that Jody will abandon him, Mike follows him one evening to a local bar where he sees him pick up the woman in lavender from the opening scene and follows them to the Morningside Cemetery where Jody and the woman make out with each other. Just then, Mike is scared from his hiding place when a small figure wearing a brown robe jumps out at him. Jody, alerted by Mike's scream, finds him and angrily tells him to go home. When Jody returns to the make out spot, the mysterious woman in lavender is also gone.Mike begins to have horrifying nightmares about the Tall Man and of his dwarf-like minions and determines that something is going on at Morningside Mortuary. After an encounter when he is pinned under a car when one of the dwarfs drops a car on him while he is working in the garage, Mike decides to investigate.The next evening, he goes out, armed with a hunting knife, to Morningside Mortuary and breaks into the building through a basement window. Mike hides when the Tall Man and the cemetery caretaker are seen. Walking down a long hallway at the mortuary, Mike encounters a flying silver sphere, about the size of a softball, coming right at him. The caretaker appears and grabs Mike as the flying sphere comes right at him. Mike ducks in time as the sphere hits the caretaker and drills into his head, spurting out blood. Mike then encounters the Tall Man who chases him to the basement where Mike manages to sever some of the fingers of the Tall Man's right hand. Mike escapes from the mortuary and from two of the Tall Man's brown-robed dwarf minions and runs for home.The next morning, Mike shows Jody the severed finger of the Tall Man which is still twitching with life and bleeding yellow embalming fluid, which Mike is keeping in a small box. When Reggie comes over, and Mike shows them the severed finger, it transforms into a large wasp-like insect which attacks the three of them, but Jody manages to kill it by shoving it into the kitchen garbage disposal.The next evening, Jody goes to Morningside Mortuary to investigate, armed with a .45 caliber pistol, but he is immediately attacked by one of the brown-robed dwarfs in the mortuary basement, forcing him to run. Jody runs into Mike outside the cemetery driving their car when they are chased by a hearse being driven by one of the dwarfs. Jody opens fire on the hearse with his shotgun and forces it off the road. Upon examining the dwarf driver, the two brothers are shocked to find that it is a former friend of theirs (murdered by the woman in lavender in the opening scene) now crushed down to small size.Jody and Mike call Reggie who takes the still alive body of their friend into Reggie's ice cream truck while Jody drops Mike off at a local antique store. There, Mike finds an old photo of the Tall Man in an 19th Century photo during the founding of the town. Mike asks the two young store workers, Sally and Sue, to drive him home. During the drive, Mike tells them to stop the car when they see Reggie's overturned ice cream truck lying beside the road. Mike looks around and finds that the creature dwarf has escaped and Reggie is nowhere to be found. Just then, a group of dwarfs attack Mike and the girls who take control of their car and drives away, while Mike falls out the rear window.Mike goes home and tells Jody about Reggie's disappearance and about the recent attack. Jody decides to go back to the mortuary to look for Reggie and the two girls, and Mike wants to come along. But Jody instead locks him in his room, feeling that it would be too dangerous. Mike, using a buckshot shell, manages to disable the lock on his door and takes a pistol from the house to meet up with Jody, but the Tall Man is waiting for him outside (with his hand fully healed) and forcibly takes Mike into his waiting hearse to drive back to the cemetery. Mike manages to shoot out a tire from the car as it arrives at the mortuary which goes out of control. Mike manages to jump out of the car before it hits a tree and explodes, with the Tall Man still inside.Inside the mortuary, Jody is breaking into a crypt of his parents to find if their bodies are still there. Mike enters the building minutes later and sees his parents unearthed coffins and upon opening one, and finds that they are empty. Mike runs and has another encounter with the lethal flying silver sphere, until Jody shows up and destroys the silver sphere with a blast from his shotgun. The two brothers then encounter Reggie, who claims that he made it to the mortuary and has been hiding in a coffin for the past few hours. Reggie also claims to have found the missing girls in a room and freed them.Mike, Jody, and Reggie then go into another room which is a large open area, filled with storage barrels containing several dwarfs, as well as two long poles which upon close examination, is the gateway to an alien planet. Mike is briefly sucked through, but saved by Jody and Reggie who pull him back. Mike realizes that the Tall Man is using the corpses as slaves to his alien planet, and they have to be crushed to small size because of the planet's intense gravity and heat. When the lights in the building go off, Mike disappears and Jody sets off to find him.Alone in the small room, Reggie decides on a gamble to shut down the humming two-pronged gateway by slamming his hands on the tops of the poles, creating a vacuum which he barely escapes. Outside the mortuary, Reggie encounters the woman in lavender, who stabs him to death with the dagger. Mike and Jody come upon the scene and discover the woman in lavender, who changes into the Tall Man, yet another replica. Mike and Jody are forced to run as the mortuary glows and is apparently destroyed.Back home, Mike and Jody, distraught over the death of Reggie, and that the entire town is either dead or consumed by the gateway vacuum, plot on a way to stop the Tall Man by trapping him in a mine shaft since there seems to be no way of killing him. While Jody sneaks out of the house to go to a remote area near a mine shaft to prepare the trap, the Tall Man arrives at the house and attacks Mike who is forced to run. The chase leads to the mine where the Tall Man falls through a fake ground into the hole and to the bottom where Joey pushes a large boulder to seal the hole, thus trapping the Tall Man.After doing so successfully, Mike suddenly wakes up with a start in his house. Mike is next seen lying by the fireplace with the alive-and-well Reggie sitting next to him.Reggie tells Mike he was simply having a bad dream, something that has been a common occurrence since Jody died in a car crash a few weeks earlier. Mike realizes that Jody is indeed dead as well as his parents... all of whom died in the car accident, and the whole thing with the Tall Man was nothing but his horrible nightmare. Reggie suggests that they go away for a while, and Mike agrees.Mike goes into his room to pack his stuff where the Tall Man is waiting for him behind his door. After Mike is shocked to see the Tall Man behind his door, several arms of the dwarf minions pulls Mike through his bedroom window as he screams....
tags: good versus evil,  cult,  horror,  murder, 

title: The Ring
synopsis: The story begins with two teenage girls discussing the events of the previous weekend, during which one of them, Katie Embry (played by Amber Tamblyn), went to a cabin in the mountains to spend time with some friends. While talking, the subject of a supposedly cursed videotape is brought up. The other girl, Rebecca 'Becca' Kotler (played by Rachael Bella), states that anyone who watches this video receives a phone call, in which a voice says, you will die in seven days. Then, exactly seven days (to the minute) after viewing the tape, the viewer dies. Katie reveals in horror that she had watched that video at the cabin last weekend with three friends, exactly seven days earlier. After a series of unexplainable occurrences, involving a television in the house turning itself on and eerie sounds, Katie is mysteriously killed while Becca has the misfortune of watching, causing her to be institutionalized in a mental hospital.The film then introduces Katie's aunt, Rachel (played by Naomi Watts), a journalist living in Seattle. Her son, Aidan, was not only Katie's cousin but also a good friend, and seems to be sensitive to psychic occurrences. Aidan's teacher brings to Rachel's attention that he had been drawing pictures of his cousin dead in the ground for days before Katie actually died. At Katie's funeral, Rachel's sister asks her to investigate her daughter's death, and, as she begins, she learns of the videotape. Her investigation leads her to the same cabin in the mountains where Katie and her friends had watched the tape. There, she finds the tape and eventually watches it. After that the phone rings and a girl says - seven days. The next day she calls Noah, Aiden's father, to see the video. Noah is sarcastic and skeptical about the link between the videos and the deaths, but Rachel becomes increasingly convinced after pictures taken of her show her face severely distorted - an effect that was present in the pictures of Katie and her friends the day after watching the tape. Noah watches the tape, and asks her to make a copy for further investigation. Unfortunately, just as Rachel is beginning to truly fear there is something dangerous about this tape, Aidan watches it a couple of days later. On the same day, Noah calls Rachel and tells her that he believes her claims about the tape, after he sees himself in a convenience store camera with a blurry face. As he talks to her on the phone, we see a pile of developed photographs that Noah has recently taken of himself...all with his face distorted.After viewing the tape, strange things begin to happen to Rachel, and presumably anyone else who had viewed the cursed images. She experiences terrible nightmares, nose bleeds, and curious surreal situations (such as when she pauses a section of the cursed tape in which a fly is running across the screen, she finds she is able to pluck it from the monitor). Rachel's investigation turns to the tape itself, which contains a seemingly random series of disturbing, grainy, black and white images. Investigating those images leads Rachel to Anna Morgan (the woman seen in the tape) who lived on Moesko Island with her husband and daughter, and raised horses. Rachel discovers that a mysterious tragedy befell the Morgan ranch, in which all the horses seemed to go mad, killing themselves attempting to flee the ranch. This presumably caused Anna Morgan to become severely depressed, and shortly after taking residence at a mental institution, to commit suicide.Rachel goes to the Morgan's house and finds Richard Morgan who refuses to talk about the video or his daughter. Rachel goes to see the local doctor to ask about the Morgan family. The old doctor tells her that Anna wanted a child more than anything, but was never able to successfully carry a fetus to term. One winter they left and returned with Samara whom they adopted. But after some time Anna started complaining about visions that only happened when Samara was around, so she sent them both to a mental institute on the continent. Noah goes to the institute and finds Anna Morgan's file and discovers that a video is missing. Rachel goes back to the Morgans' house, where she discovers the tapes of Samara's conversations with the doctor. Samara timidly explains that she does not intentionally hurt the people around her, but it won't stop. After watching the video of Samara's conversation, Rachel is confronted by Richard Morgan, who has taken all the electronics in the house into his bathroom as the bathtub is overflowing with water. He states the girl was evil, and then promptly kills himself by lying in the bathtub and turning on the electronics via a switch-controlled extension cord around his neck.Noah arrives at the house just after Richard's death, and together with Rachel, he goes to the barn to discover a little room where Samara was kept by her father. Behind the wallpaper they discover a burned image of a tree recognizable from the video tape, and Rachel remembers seeing it near the cabin at Shelter Mountain Inn. From this, we begin to gather that Samara had the supernatural ability to inadvertently burn images into the things around her - including the minds of the horses and the minds of her parents, driving her mother to kill herself. Rachel and Noah depart the Morgan farm and arrive at Shelter Mountain Inn, and discover a well underneath the floor. Rachel is led to where Samara was killed; at the bottom of a well. A strike from a falling TV, presumably perpetrated by Samara, results in Rachel falling into stuck in the well and finding Samara's body. Samara, or at any rate, the not-completely-dead body of Samara, uses her ability to show Rachel that Anna attempted to smother Samara with a garbage bag in order to end the madness created by Samara's ability, dumping her body in the well afterwards. However, we see Samara's eyes open as she sinks and watches her mother close the well, and a horrified Rachel realizes that Samara was still alive. Rachel notifies the authorities, and Samara, whose body rapidly decomposes in Rachel's arms after Rachel awakes from the vision, is given a proper burial, presumably putting her spirit to rest. Noah asks her how long could you survive trapped in a well, and Rachel guesses that you could survive seven days.At this point it seems that everything is well again, and Rachel informs Aidan that they will no longer be troubled by Samara. However, Aidan quickly corrects her and says that Samara's spirit has been released, evident by the bruises on his arm, given by Samara in a nightmare that Rachel also experienced. In the film's most unsettling and memorable scene, Noah is going over some film prints in his apartment when his TV turns on to static, in the same fashion that Rachel's niece Katie experienced before her death. Noah turns it off casually before the TV turns itself on again, which alerts Noah. He is then treated to a recurring image of a well, in which a long-haired female figure (Samara) crawls out of the well and slowly walks toward the screen. It intensifies as Noah quickly backs away and Samara literally crawls out of the television set. Noah knocks over a shelf in fear and crawls away before turning around, only to have Samara stare directly at him, causing his inevitable death which Rachel discovers after racing to his apartment. Rachel rushes home and destroys the tape in hysterics, unable to understand why she was spared but Noah was killed. She realizes that the only way to escape Samara after watching the video is to make a copy of the tape and show it to someone else, thus continuing the cycle. Rachel made a copy to show to Noah, while Noah made no copies. The movie ends with Rachel helping Aiden to make a copy of the tape.As the tape copy is made, Aidan turns to his mother, Rachel and asks her who was to see the tape?
tags: fantasy,  suspenseful,  murder,  mystery,  stupid,  paranormal,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: Scooby-Doo! And the Legend of the Vampire
synopsis: Scooby Doo, Shaggy, Daphne, Velma, Fred, and the Mystery Machine are
vacationing in Australia. After sight-seeing in Sydney, they head for the
Outback to attend the Vampire Rock Music Festival. Legend says that
Vampire Rock is the home of the Yoweeyahoo, an ancient Australian vampire.The events of last year's festival are making Malcolm, Daniel, and
co-promoter Russell very nervous. Following the festival, one of the bands
called Wild Wind went camping on Vampire Rock and were never heard from
again. Rumor has it that all three were kidnapped by the Yoweeyahoo and
turned into vampires. Now, strange things are happening at this year's
festival--sounds, lights, and smoke are issuing from Vampire Rock. And
last night three vampires (who look like the members of Wild Wind) swooped
down and carried off the band members of Matt Marvellous. Most of the
finalists have pulled out of the contest and are going home.When Scooby and his party arrive at Vampire Rock, they are warmly
greeted by their friends, the Hex Girls, who are scheduled to open the
show. Sensing a mystery to be solved, Fred, Daphne, and Velma decide to
form a rock group themselves and go undercover as The Meddling Kids.Next band to arrive is the Bad Omens and their rather shady manager,
Jasper Ridgeway. Fred immediately suspects them, as Jasper Ridgeway also
managed Wild Wind. Fred, Daphne, and Velma go nosing around Jasper's
motorhome, where they find the costumes worn by Wild Wind. Scooby and
Shaggy are chased by the three vampires, who also show up during
rehearsals and carry off The Bad Omens. That night, Russell's pick of the
show--Two Skinny Dudes--arrive, and Jasper immediately offers to be their
manager.It's finally the night of the festival. The Hex Girls start playing
but, during their performance, they too are kidnapped by the three
vampires. In search of The Hex Girls, Scooby and company climb Vampire
Rock where they find a secret passage that leads into a cave holding a lot
of stage equipment. Enter the Yoweeyahoo and the three vampires, leading
to a long chase around the mountain. When the morning sun breaks over the
horizon, the Yoweeyahoo disappears in a puff of smoke, but the vampires
still persist. The sun doesn't seem to harm them, and running water
doesn't stop them either.Eventually, Daniel traps the three vampires in a net, and the
identities under their vampire masks are revealed. It's The Two Skinny
Dudes and Russell. No, wait! Pull off their second masks, and it's really
Wild Wind. They had planned from the beginning to scare away all the other
bands, leaving just The Two Skinny Dudes who would also disappear during
their performance to be followed by Wild Wind's triumphant return. They
figured the publicity would make them famous.The Yoweeyahoo, by the way, turns out to have been a hologram created
by all the stage equipment found in the cave. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Piranha Part Two: The Spawning
synopsis: Off the coast of a Caribbean island, a young couple flee the hotel in the middle of the night to have sex in the sea. But they swim into a sunken wreck which is also a piranha lair and they are both killed and eaten by the unseen piranha.The next day, a group of tourists, including Tyler Sherman (Steve Marachuk), are taking the diving courses provided by Anne Kimbrough (Tricia O'Neil), an employee of the Hotel Elysium. One of her divers swims into the wreck, which she has strictly forbidden to her divers. Leaving Tyler to take over and lead the others to the surface, she discovers almost immediately that her 'missing' student has swam into the wreck and been killed there when his badly chewed up body is found.Anne's estranged husband, Steve (Lance Henriksen), a police officer, refuses to listen to Anne about her wanting to have a look at the body, because she needs to know what happened. The death does not seem to match the attack pattern by any of the marine life in this area, which she knows better than anyone. For her not to know what killed a diver is a dangerous sign. Steve intercepts Aaron (Aston S. Young), a dynamite fisherman, and his son, and threatens to confiscate their boat, but as Aaron explains, Steve, Anne, and he, are old friends.Meanwhile, as the guests begin to flirt with each other (a middle-aged widow, named Bevelry, flirts with a younger man, named Leo, who is a dentist), a pair of women, named Jai and Loretta, arrive on a large sailboat. By their own admission, they are sea bandits. One sneaks into the kitchen to steal food, but is intercepted by Mal (Arnie Ross), a cook. She flirts with him, and he offers instead to make her a wonderful dinner. But as he goes to their boat with the meal, they take the meal and then undock, letting the boat drift. They try to convince him to jump, and he tries, and fails, so they mock him and sail off. That night, Jai and Loretta sail too far out, and are attacked by the piranha, who have developed the power to fly. Jai is attacked and her throat ripped out while Loretta falls into the water and gets eaten alive by the fish in the water.Worried about what's going on, Anne finds that she is being frequently bothered by Tyler Sherman, and so she takes him with her to the morgue to get a look at the body. It is revealed there that she became a marine biologist before she married Steve, and so she begins taking pictures. There, she finds that the body of the tourist has been eaten in many parts. A nurse comes in, kicks them out, and ends up quickly dead, for a piranha was hiding in the body and escaped in it. Armed with the power to fly, it kills the nurse by bitting her throat out and escapes out a window into the night.In her hurry, Anne left her credit card behind at the scene. Anne and Tyler have a one night stand back in her room. But the next morning, while he sleeps, she begins to study the pictures, and is horrified by what she discovers. Steve arrives, throwing the card at her, angry first that she went to the morgue in defiance of him, and secondly that she has man in her bed. She tries to warn him of what she's discovered, but he ignores her and thinks she's a murderess.Anne tries to tell Raoul (Ted Richert) the pompous hotel manager, that she's cancelling the dives because it isn't safe. Raoul at first pretends to be concerned, but swiftly fires her, thinking she is crazy. Attempting to capture one for further study, or at the very least take some pictures so she can prove what she's trying to tell Steve and the manager, she is intercepted by Tyler, who swiftly informs her that he is a biochemist and member of a team which has developed the ultimate weapon: a specimen of genetically modified piranha, with some other fish's genes intermixed, capable of flying. Earlier, and unfortunately, the team mistakenly deposited (or lost) a cylinder full of these fish when a cargo ship was sunk the water where the dead couple were found.Aaron provides the proof Anne needs to Steve, calling him and showing him, not merely some flying piranha he's recently caught, and never seen before, but also that they're a serious danger, because they're turning on each other. This is a sign that they're running out of food and will soon attack whatever they come near, including humans.At a meeting, Anne tries her best to reason with Raoul, to no avail. Steve surprises her, standing up for her and proving her case for her by throwing the body of a dead piranha onto the table. Steve tells her that she can't trust Tyler, because the army says he's crazy. She argued that Tyler's just been using her to get the message of the piranha out for him, to protect both himself and the residents of the hotel.Later that evening, a piranha attacks Gabby's son and kills him in his shack, leaving a bereft Gabby to vow revenge by killing the fish in the wreck they hide in. Anne tries to dissuade him, but it's too late. Having ignored Anne's advice, Raoul hosts a nighttime fish party to capture grunion, who come up to the beach to spawn at this time, making them easy prey for humans to capture and kill. Unfortunately for the residents, the piranha are also partially grunion and share the same instinct. During the fishing party promoted by the resort, the piranhas fly out of the water and attack the guests on the beach and at the hotel's courtyard pool. Anne leads those who survive into hotel, where they shut the doors and windows. Aaron tries to attack them, but they overwhelm and kill him as well.In the morning, the piranha withdraw, for Anne had discovered that they are not fond of daylight. Tyler and Anne decide to undertake Aaron's plan, and blow up the ship to destroy the predators. Meanwhile, the situation gets even tenser, for not merely can the piranha fly, but Anne and Steve's teenage son Chris (Ricky G. Paull) has been hired, against their wishes, by a local ship 'Captain', and his lovely daughter Allison (Leslie Graves). Chris and Allison sail away, and strand themselves on an island, leaving them vulnerable to piranha attacks that never actually happen. Getting lost at sea, they try to set sail again, heading straight toward the wreck.When Chris and Allison are stranded in a raft above the shipwreck, Annie and Tyler arrive in a motorboat and don scuba gear to dive down to the wreck to plant the timer charges that Aaron left behind. With only 10 mintues to get out of the wreck before the bomb explodes, Anne and Tyler are trapped in one of the sunken ships rooms by the murderous piranha who all return to the wreck. On the surface, Steve, piloting a police helicopter, ditches the chopper and swims to Anne and Tyler's motorboat where Chris and Allison are. With minutes left to spare before the bomb explodes, Steve powers up the boat and takes off. Down in the wreck, Tyler sacrafices himself to allow Anne to escape out of a porthole and to tie a survival rope around her waste allowing herselt to be pulled away by the motorboat on the surface. At the last second, Anne gets clear and the bomb detonates, destroying the sunken ship and the piranha with it. With all the murderous fish dead, Anne swims to the surface and is picked up by Steve and the two kids in their boat.
tags: horror,  violence,  mystery, 

title: The Loved Ones
synopsis: Brent (Xavier Samuel) is driving with his father in the passenger seat, when a bloodied man appears in the middle of the road. Swerving to avoid hitting the man, Brent's vehicle collides with a tree.
Six months later, Brent is planning to attend a high school dance with girlfriend Holly (Victoria Thaine), having politely refused an offer by Lola Stone (Robin McLeavy). Brent and Holly meet up, go to Holly's car and they have sex, seen by the now hurt Lola. Holly drives the pair on account of the car crash, and it's revealed that Brent's father died in the accident. Wracked with guilt, Brent has turned to recreational cannabis use and self-mutilation with a razor blade he keeps on a necklace. Once home, Brent leaves the house, goes to a nearby cliff, climbs it halfway and contemplates suicide, but then comes to his senses and climbs to the top.
While listening to music, Brent is attacked from behind. Bound to a chair, he wakes up at Lola's house sitting at a table with Lola, her father (John Brumpton), and a lobotomized-woman they call Bright Eyes (Anne Scott-Pendlebury). Lola's father has turned his house into a dance for his daughter. Lola takes a syringe, fills it with bleach and injects it into Brent's voice box to render him unable to scream or talk. When she makes a threatening comment about Holly, Brent kicks Lola and manages to escape outside. Lola's father chases Brent up a tree, where he and Lola hurl rocks at Brent, knocking him down. The two bring Brent back inside, and nail his feet to the floor with knives. Lola reveals via a scrapbook that she has been abducting many boys throughout her life, one victim in particular is Timmy Valentine, who Brent recognizes to be the bloody man that he swerved in his vehicle six months ago to avoid hitting and led to his Father's death. Timmy turns out to be the brother of Mia Valentine, the goth girl Brent's best friend Jamie asked to the prom. Lola then draws on Brent by using a fork to carve a heart with L S in the middle on his chest onto which she liberally throws salt.
After being crowned Queen of her dance, Lola admits to Brent that she is looking for her prince, which is not Brent as he is just another frog. However, Lola confides in her father that he is her prince. Afterward, Daddy lifts the carpet to reveal a secret trap door with the previous abductees still inside. Lola drills a hole through Brent's skull as they intend to lobotomize him like their other captives. But when Lola complains that the hole is too small for her to pour boiling water into, Brent slashes her father with his razor-blade pendant necklace. Brent then attacks Daddy, stabbing him repeatedly in the neck with one of the knives that Brent pulled out of his feet. Lola jumps on Brent and tries to hit him, but Brent knocks her out. Brent then pushes Lola's dad into the pit where he watches in horror as the nearly starved captives eat Daddy. Lola gets up and throws Brent in, throwing nearby objects at him in anger. Brent finds a flashlight and hammer that Lola had thrown down which he uses to kill the abductees as they advance on him. Lola then goes and smothers Bright Eyes with a pillow, revealing that the woman is her mother.
On a hunch, Holly calls a policeman (Mia's father) in the neighborhood. When he gets to Lola's house, he sees through a window the bloody floor and chair and breaks in. In an attempt to attract the policeman's attention, Brent makes noise by throwing objects at the doors, alerting the policeman of his presence. But when he opens the doors, Lola appears behind the policeman and Brent cannot say anything to warn him. Lola drives a meat cleaver into his face and the policeman falls down, dropping his gun. Brent attempts to shoot Lola, but she quickly moves out of the way where she finds Brent's necklace on the floor. She then informs Brent that she is going to go to his house and kill his mother, Carla for murdering her father, and Holly for breaking her heart. Brent notices a large pile of bones in the pit. That gives him the idea to pile up the dead bodies, and he manages to climb out.
Lola begins walking on the road with a knife and her scrapbook when she sees a car advance. It is shown to be Holly, so Lola hides and throws her book at the windshield, distracting Holly to a halt. She then attempts to kill Holly, but Holly evades Lola and a chase ensues. Brent is seen driving the police car fast, attempting to catch up with Lola. He sees Holly and nearly hits her but swerves and hits Lola instead. Holly clambers into the police car, and is shocked to see Brent. The two embrace tearfully as Lola, severely injured but still not dead, crawls to kill the pair. They hear the noise of Lola's knife as she drags herself and Brent reverses the car, striking Lola in the head and crushing her skull.
Brent and Holly arrive back home. Carla looks outside the window to see her son in a brutal state and embraces him after all the horror he has been through. The last scene shown is that of Brent's face as he is being held by Carla, looking on.
tags: suspenseful,  cruelty,  murder,  violence,  horror,  clever,  insanity,  romantic,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Scary Movie 3
synopsis: Katie (Jenny McCarthy) and Becca (Pamela Anderson) are talking about a tape, which Katie believes is a sex tape, but Becca refers to a cursed tape (The Ring). After several odd occurrences, they both die. Meanwhile, in a farm outside Washington, D.C., widowed farmer Tom Logan (Charlie Sheen) and his clumsy brother George (Simon Rex) discover a crop circle, saying Attack Here! (Signs).
Meanwhile, (taking place nearly ten years after the second film) Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), now a blonde news reporter, announces the crop circles on the news. She then goes to pick up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody (Drew Mikuska) from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall) is his teacher. George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. Cindy falls in love with George, who invites her and Brenda to a rap-battle that evening with his rapper friends Mahalik (Anthony Anderson) and CJ (Kevin Hart) (8 Mile). George competes and proves to be actually quite talented, but due to unintentional racist blunders, he's thrown out.
Later, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape. After playing several pranks on Cindy (fake seizures, burning hand, etc.), she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge, when the TV turns on. Brenda fails to turn it off. Tabitha (Marny Eng) climbs out of the well and the TV, Brenda gets into a fight with Tabitha. Tabitha ends up killing Brenda, since Cindy is ignoring the ruckus. George receives a phone call about the death, and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologizes for the accident involving himself and Tom's wife Annie (Denise Richards).
During Brenda's wake, George and Mahalik, due to a misunderstanding, wreak havoc on Brenda's corpse in an unsuccessful attempt to revive her, only to blow up her body and end up getting kicked out of the house. Later, Cindy decides to watch the tape, finding it odd. She then gets a phone call, saying she'll die in a week. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa (Queen Latifah), the Matrix Oracle, and her husband Orpheus (Eddie Griffin) agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, and gets into a fight with Tabitha's mother. Shaneequa tells Cindy to find the lighthouse to break the curse. When Cindy returns home, she finds Cody watched the tape.
Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor's teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor who insults the manager on the teleprompter (which the anchorman blindly recites). The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson (Edward Moss), and President Baxter Harris (Leslie Nielsen), who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect (George Carlin). The loquacious (and lecherous) old man explains Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm's well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster instead, unleashing the curse. When Cindy asks about how this relates to the Aliens, the Architect speculates that Tabitha is summoning them to aid her in destroying the human race.
Returning home, Cindy discovers her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens (voiced by Tom Kenny) arrive but reveal they are friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang.
In the basement, Cindy realizes the farm's cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, but then changes back to her monstrous form and advances to Cindy and the others, only to be accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them. At first, Cody is about to get hit by Cindy's car in an intersection, but she put the brakes this time to prevent it from happening, much to Cody's relief. Unfortunately, Cody gets hit by another car passing through the intersection.
tags: comedy,  adult comedy,  stupid,  paranormal,  bleak,  cult,  horror,  humor, 

title: Gothika
synopsis: Psychiatrist Dr. Miranda Grey (Halle Berry) who works at the Woodward Penitentiary For Women, has a car accident after trying to avoid a girl (Kathleen Mackey) on a road during a stormy night. She rushes to try to help the girl. The girl turns out to be a ghost and possesses Miranda's body. Miranda next wakes up in the very hospital she works for, but as a patient treated by her co-worker, Dr. Pete Graham (Robert Downey, Jr.). Drugged and confused, she remembers nothing of what happened after the car accident. To her horror, she learns that her husband Douglas (Charles S. Dutton) was brutally murdered and that she is the primary suspect. While Miranda copes with her new life in the hospital, the ghost uses her body to carry out messages (most noticeably, she carves the words Not Alone into Miranda's arm), which leads her former colleagues to believe Miranda is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds on herself.
Meanwhile, Miranda bonds with fellow inmate and former patient, Chloe Sava (Penélope Cruz). Several times in sessions, Chloe had claimed that she'd been raped while in the hospital, but Miranda had always attributed these stories to mental illness. One night, the door to Miranda's room in the hospital is opened by the ghost that has been haunting her. When she passes Chloe's room in the hospital, she can hear the rape occurring and momentarily sees a man's chest pressed against the window. The man's chest bears a tattoo of an Anima Sola. Miranda realizes that Chloe was not making up these stories and, when she sees Chloe the next day, she apologizes and the two embrace. Chloe warns Miranda that her attacker said he was going to target Miranda next. Miranda begins regaining some of her memories bit by bit and slowly comes to remember herself killing her husband. She realizes that the ghost had used her body to murder Douglas, thus making Miranda the patsy for his murder. This is why all of the physical evidence points to Miranda.
Miranda escapes from the hospital, having recognized the girl as a ghost. Seeking clues to the mystery of why she killed her husband, she goes to a farmhouse in Willow Creek, Rhode Island. In the cellar of the barn, she discovers a room containing a blood-stained bed, what appears to be a box containing drugs, restraints, and video equipment. She watches the tape that is still in the camera and the viewer hears a woman screaming as if tortured or raped. In the final seconds of the video, Douglas walks into the shot, covers a woman's lifeless body on the bed with a sheet, and winks at the camera. At this point, police arrive and one officer comes closer to Miranda and draws a gun on her while she is holding a knife to him. Miranda backs up to a staircase and, all of a sudden, an injured, frantically screaming girl grabs hold of her from the adjoining crawlspace. The police release the girl, and Miranda is taken to jail. While she is in jail, Sheriff Ryan (John Carroll Lynch), who was Douglas's closest friend, talks to Miranda and quizzes her on how she knew all these things. He does not believe her claim that ghosts told her everything and asks her what sort of person the accomplice would be. Miranda uses her experience as a psychiatrist to give a psychological profile, and as she does so, realizes that Ryan fits the profile perfectly. He attacks her and, in the fight, reveals his tattoo (an Anima Sola). Miranda kills the sheriff in an act of self-defense with the help of the ghost. Pete, just a few seconds later, shows up at the station, worried about Miranda's safety after he solves the mystery himself. He looks relieved to see Miranda safe and, through the soundproof window, mouths the words I'm sorry, Miranda.
Approximately a year later, Miranda is seen walking with Chloe on a city sidewalk, discussing how each helped the other come to terms with her experiences. Miranda claims to be free of the ghost's influence and sends Chloe off in a taxi. Miranda then sees a young boy standing in the middle of the road who appears as though he is about to be struck by a fire truck. Miranda yells for the boy to move but, after the fire truck passes through the boy without harming him, she realizes he was only a ghost. As Miranda walks away, a poster with the words Have you seen Tim? and a picture of the same boy is shown taped to a pole next to the street on which Miranda is walking.
tags: psychological,  neo noir,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  romantic,  suspenseful, 

title: Scooby-Doo! Pirates Ahoy!
synopsis: Fred is treating the Mystery Inc. gang to share in his birthday present: a mystery cruise, compliments of his parents Skip and Peggy. While preparing for the ship launch, Scooby and Shaggy have a creepy encounter with a sinister-looking cloaked man, whom the duo are sure is up to no good. The gang meet the hyper Cruise Director, Sunny St. Cloud, and the captain, Captain Crothers. The Captain says they are bound for the Bermuda Triangle, and St. Cloud promises some creepy intrigue. A montage of sloppy mysteries that are staged by St. Cloud and Captain Crothers follow, which the gang solves with ease. This peeves the other guests, who have no mysteries to solve now. Soon they rescue Rupert Garcia, a man lost at sea, who tells of an encounter with ghost pirates. The gang naturally assumes that this is a setup to another mystery. He is taken below deck as a man in a jetpack appears from the sky and lands on deck. He turns out to be Biff Wellington, an English billionaire who is known to be fun-loving yet eccentric. He plans to stay on the ship as well.
That night, the gang attends a costume party dinner. The creepy cloaked man appears on stage, who turns out to be Mister Mysterio, a famous hypnotist. Shaggy and Scooby are picked from the audience to demonstrate his powers, but they prove immune to his hypnotism: yet the audience falls under the trance. Mysterio dispels the hypnotism and disappears in a puff of smoke. The creepy fog then engulfs the cruise ship. The ghost pirates wreak havoc, chasing the cruise guests, who all mysteriously disappear. Skip and Peggy are kidnapped, and the pirates retreat back to the galleon and leave (after destroying the cruise ship). At this time, the gang realizes it is a real mystery, and they and Garcia are the only ones left aboard the damaged ship.
With his help, they follow the glowing trail left behind by the galleon and arrive in a secret harbor. There, they find Garcia's old ship, and then are captured by the ghost pirates, who take them aboard their galleon. The pirates are looking to find a meteor of mystic power, which fell into the triangle ages ago and could be pinpointed using Garcia's map. The gang is tied to the mast along with Skip, but there are no other cruise guests around.
The galleon enters the heart of the triangle, and begins to see past ghosts from the triangle: The USS Cyclops, Flight 19, even a sea serpent. Amidst this, the gang manages to escape and explore below deck. They find a lot of modern equipment that was used to project the ghostly images just witnessed. The ship enters an odd ring of rocks, and pulls up the meteor, which glows golden yellow.
The gang then engineer a trap, which fails. The pirates then attempt to re-capture the gang, leading to a trademark Scooby-Doo chase sequence, in which the entire pirate crew are captured by Scooby and Shaggy. Captain Skunkbeard is revealed to be Wellington, and Wally is revealed to be Mysterio. The rest of the pirates turn out to be the cruise guests (including the Captain, St. Cloud and Peggy), shipmates of Garcia, and past conquests of the pirates. Wellington explains that Mysterio convinced him that he was the reincarnation of a pirate years ago, and could use the meteor to teleport back in time. The crew were just hypnosis victims under Mysterio's power. Mysterio's motive was that the meteor itself was pure gold and he was going to steal it to make himself rich. Mysterio, still free, attempts to take the meteor for himself, but is stopped by Scooby.
At this time, a fierce storm hits, and the gang deduces the forces of the triangle want the meteor back, so they drop it back in the water, and some steering by Fred narrowly gets the galleon out of the ring as it crumbles into the sea. The cruise guests use the galleon as a large party boat as they sail back to Miami to drop off the villains to the authorities.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Phenomena
synopsis: A lost tourist, Vera Grandt (Fiore Argento), is beheaded in the Swiss countryside. Her head is found by Inspector Rudolf Geiger (Patrick Bauchau) and his assistant, Kurt (Michele Soavi), who take it to entomologist John McGregor (Donald Pleasance). He estimates the time of death by examining the maggots.Jennifer Corvino (Jennifer Connelly), insect-loving daughter of a movie star, arrives at the Swiss Richard Wagner Academy for Girls, chaperoned by Frau Brückner (Daria Nicolodi), who places her with roommate Sophie (Federica Mastroianni). While sleepwalking, Jennifer witnesses a student being slain. She awakens and falls, ending up lost in the woods. She is discovered by Inga (Tanga), McGregor's chimpanzee attendant, and brought to him. He believes her to have a special gift for telepathy. Jennifer's memories of the murder she witnessed are vague, and a brain scan by the school doctor (Antonio Maimone) is not helpful in addressing her sleepwalking.After Sophie is killed, a firefly guides Jennifer to a maggot-covered glove. Back in the school, when the students taunt Jennifer for her connection to insects, she summons a swarm of flies to the school, which cover the whole building. In an attempt to find the killer, McGregor gives her a living specimen of the Great Sarcophagus fly, which is drawn to decaying human flesh. The fly leads her to the abandoned house where Vera Grandt was attacked, attracted by a severed hand.One night McGregor is murdered. Jennifer no longer wants to stay at the school, so she goes to stay at Frau Brückner's house. After numerous red herrings, Jennifer realizes that Frau Brückner has given her poisonous pills, and purges the pill out. Brückner locks her in a room, but Jennifer discovers a tunnel leading underneath the house to a dungeon. She is suddenly grabbed by Inspector Geiger, who has been chained up to the wall. Frightened, she backs away from his mutilated appearance and falls into a pool full of decaying, maggot infested bodies. With Geiger's help Jennifer escapes.In the basement, she finds Brückner's small son, Patua (Davide Marotta), with a hideously deformed face. He chases Jennifer onto a motorboat, but she manages to escape his attempts to kill her by summoning a swarm of flies to devour his face, leaving him drowning in the lake. On the shore, she is greeted by her father's assistant Morris Shapiro (Mario Donatone), who came to help after an earlier telephone call. He is immediately decapitated by a deranged Brückner, using a piece of sharpened sheet metal. In the final confrontation between Brückner and Jennifer, Brückner is suddenly attacked and killed by Inga with a straight razor.
tags: mystery,  cruelty,  suspenseful,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Final Destination 3
synopsis: The movie opens with Wendy Christensen (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), an obsessive-compulsive driven high school graduate from McKinley High, photographing her friends on a ride called the High Dive. Shortly after she takes their picture, she notices the letter V missing out of the ride name, but thinks nothing of it. As the beginning of the movie progresses, we're introduced to several characters, including Wendy's boyfriend Jason Wise (Jesse Moss), her best friend Carrie Dreyer (Gina Holden), and her boyfriend Kevin Fischer (Ryan Merriman), as well as several other characters; the jock Lewis Romero (Texas Battle), the valley-girlesque Ashley Freund and Ashlyn Halperin (Chelan Simmons and Crystal Lowe), the social outcasts Ian McKinley and Erin Ulmer (Kris Lemche and Alexz Johnson), as well as Wendy's attitude-laden sister Julie (Amanda Crew) and the troublesome alumnus Frankie Cheeks (Sam Easton). They all begin to make their way to the roller coaster, which has a demon-like figure at the front and a dark, foreboding voice warning them of the ride ahead. This causes Wendy to begin feeling uneasy, even as she's taking pictures for the yearbook.The group begins boarding onto the roller coaster, with Jason getting divided from everyone else, as he sits in the front car with Carrie, while the others sit in the back. Lewis is attended to by the ride attendant to adjust his shoulder pads, and this sets off a slight leak in a hydraulic pipe on the car, unnoticed by staff. Frankie hides a video camera in his pocket as Wendy's camera is pocketed by Kevin, sitting next to her. The ride begins and soon turmoil erupts as the leak continues and Frankie's camera is knocked away by Ashley, wrapping itself around the track. It's run over, causing the leak to become worse and the ride's shoulder belts to become loosened. One car suddenly jars entirely off the track, and others begin dropping off left and right. The ride suddenly stops upside down, forcing Ian and Erin to hang and eventually fall to their deaths. Kevin and Wendy motion the ride to go backward, but in doing so, Kevin is cut in half and Wendy is dumped onto the track...Then Wendy wakes up and realizes it is all a premonition. She's still sitting in the car as it gets ready to move. She becomes hysterical and demands to be let off, and the attendant releases all the seats in the rear car. Wendy and Kevin exit, and soon the others follow, out of annoyance (and because Lewis starts a fight with Kevin). Jason asks to be let off as well, but the ride continues with him and the people in the front car still sitting in it. Attendees lead a terribly upset Wendy outside and the coaster crashes, as predicted, leading to the deaths of Jason, Carrie, and several others.Some time afterwards, Wendy is at the school and is confronted by Kevin, concerned about her and the loss of Jason and Carrie. Wendy insists to be left alone. Ashley and Ashlyn invite her to a tanning session, and she takes their phone number. As she makes her way to her car, Kevin explains that this has happened before, with flight 180 and the seven people who got off and mysteriously died. Wendy drives off as thunder booms overhead.Ashley and Ashlyn head over to their favorite tanning salon, hoping to bronze up for the graduation. They both have slurpees, and the owner insists they throw them away, as he heads off to complete a phone call. Ashley merely pretends to throw her drink away, and they both head to the tanning room, where they proceed to disrobe. Ashley sets her drink right above a cooling unit of the tanning beds. She also reaches for a CD, leaning on a shelf and slightly loosening it on the side. The owner heads out the door, with only a tube of lotion holding it open. However, the lotion squirts out, and the door closes shut and locks.Meanwhile, Wendy is looking over the photos she took the night of the accident, after promising Julie to borrow the camera to her. Julie lends her a bracelet left behind as a family heirloom. It's then she notices a photo of Jason with a foreshadowing of the coaster behind him as it is about to hit his head, and gets an eerie feeling as the light bulb dims in and out. She then looks at the picture of Ashley and Ashlyn, which appears to be over-saturated, reminiscent of flames. She finds Ashley's number and proceeds to dial.Back at the tanning salon, Ashley's slurpee has begun to leave a water residue, which leaks into the cooling unit and forces the temperature to rise slightly. As the girls seem to notice this, a cooling fan causes a coat rack to to fall over and knock over a plant, causing the plant to fall onto the shelf and collapse. The panel from the self slides right between the handles of both beds, locking Ashley and Ashlyn in as the temperature rapidly rises. Both girls wince and scream in agony as the bulbs begin overheating and eventually breaking, causing their skin to bubble, and soon a fire breaks out, setting both beds ablaze. The owner tries to get in, but the back door is locked, and he also locked the front. The girls are burned alive in the blazing tanning beds.The next scene is at their funeral, where Ian begins questioning the preacher's comments about the equality of death and is led off by Lewis and Kevin. Afterward, Kevin finds Wendy kneeling at Jason's grave, and she begins to show him pictures that depict what's going to happen beforehand, including a picture showing a plane's shadow about to crash into the Twin Towers in New York. Suddenly, a strange wind blows over both of them, and Kevin tells Wendy he's going to get her some food.The two go to a local drive-thru restaurant, unaware that Frankie is ahead of them in his sports coupe. On the way, the two almost hit a truck in their vehicle, forcing the driver to jump aside. They get to the drive-thru of the restaurant, noticing a vehicle is pulling behind them and also to the side, blocking Wendy's exit. The sign also shows a the word control glitching out, and soon the radio kicks on, playing Turn Around, Look at Me by the Lettermen. Suddenly, Wendy and Kevin notice a driverless truck coming their way. They can't escape the vehicle, and they unknowingly honk at Frankie to move aside, only to have him flip them off. The couple behind them move their car, and they smash the windshield and jump out of the vehicle before the runaway truck hits it. The vehicles collide, forcing Kevin's car to eject its engine out of the front. It slides along the back of Frankie's car, and the fan cuts right into the back of his head, killing him. Wendy and Kevin go to check who the dead person was, and a jolt moment occurs when the fan spins one last time, splattering Frankie's brains all over the wall.After a talk with the coroner, Kevin and Wendy begin to calculate Death's design and who was sitting where on the roller coaster. They look over the photos and decide to pay Lewis a visit while he's in the middle of a workout. Lewis dismisses their claims and proceeds with his workout, even as Wendy points out to Kevin that his photo shows a Sultan caricature with swords, a weight dropping on his head, and a crying bear in the picture. (There's a tall bear statue and a sign with loose swords in the weight room). Lewis begins to work out with the other team members around him, causing the swords above his weight machine to rattle loose. Suddenly, one of Lewis' teammates accidentally jars a tooth out of the bear's mouth, forcing a weight lifter to drop his weights. Lewis stops for a moment, and the swords come down, missing him and instead cutting off a cable on the machine he's working on, unbeknown to Wendy, Kevin and Lewis. Lewis takes this moment of apparent victory over Death and lifts the weights one more time, only to have the the two weights on top smash his head to bits.After a conversation about the bizarre occurrences, Wendy and Kevin make their way to a hardware store where Ian and Erin work. Ian is seen shooting at pigeons with a nail gun, then sets it down. He then makes light of the events that are occurring and makes fun with Wendy and Kevin. However, soon some accidents are set into motion and a forklift begins moving and knocking objects around, and it forces it to start lifting on a wall loaded with objects, including sharpened stakes and pieces of flat plywood. As Ian theorizes about Death's design, Wendy notices the stakes, and Kevin saves him as various items begin falling down. The plywood boards soon start stacking on top of each other, and a piece of wood flies off and penentrates a bag of sawdust, blinding Erin. She ends up falling backwards and lands with the back of her head against a nail gun, and nine rounds end up getting fired through her head and hand, killing her. Wendy, Kevin and Ian stare in horror.After a visit to the police station and the disbelief that follows, Wendy and Kevin split up, with Ian unnoticeably looking at Wendy from his truck. Wendy ends up falling asleep at her house, and Julie comes along to take the lucky bracelet back, for good luck. Upon leaving, Wendy wakes up and realizes that Julie and her friend Perry snuck into the ride as well, upon identificating the bracelet in a photograph. She calls Kevin and informs him that his photo looks like something glaring, with bright lights. It's then that Kevin informs her that he's overlooking security at a colonial fair, complete with fireworks, and Wendy starts heading out the door to the fair. Soon, the song she heard at the drive-thru begins playing again, and she notices a vehicle following her. She almost hits a wolf in the middle of the road but continues to the fair.Kevin notices Julie and her friends Perry (Maggie Ma) and Amber (Ecstasia Sanders) at the fair and tries to talk to her, but she runs off after being annoyed by him. Meanwhile, an actor at the fair leaves his lighting stick in front of a cannon, knocking it sideways and forcing a cannonball to run along and knock one of the firework trailer cars off balance. Wendy shows up, suspecting Kevin might be struck by fireworks. As the show at the fair starts, and fireworks begin to go off, a couple of teenagers set off some firecrackers, startling a nearby horse. The horse begins running through the crowd, dragging a wooden stake behind him. Julie ends up getting the rope tied around her neck, and almost gets impaled on a rake that the horse jumps over. Kevin, however, manages to cut her loose. It's then that Wendy asks the frantic Julie who was sitting next to her on the roller coaster, and she glances at Perry. As Perry realizes this and begins standing up, the horse, still startled, pulls a flagpole off a trailer, which launches itself into Perry's back, killing her.After a close call with Kevin where he is nearly killed by a blazing gas leak, Julie and Wendy begin to drag him off, only to run into Ian, who thinks that he is the cause of Wendy's death (indicated by a shirt she was wearing, bearing his last name, which is also the name of their school). He confronts them as a firework cart begins wobbling and aims the fireworks right at them. The three duck as the fireworks go off, which entirely avoid Ian. Thinking he's safe and that Wendy is next, a loosened crane of a cherry picker that was struck by fireworks launches the McKinley sign downwards which cuts Ian in half. His corpse appears to be flipping off the three, and the screen fades to white.Five months later, Wendy is shown to be in another town, starting a new life with her friends. She is on board of a subway train along with them, and starts to notice advertisements of the locations the previous deaths occurred at, as well as the Turn Around, Look at Me song being sung by a patron. She then gets uncomfortable and tries to exit the train, but is stopped by Julie, who also boards the train. As she does, a group of football fans drop an unfinished candy bar, which misses a trash can and falls onto the tracks, where a rat begins eating it As the doors close, Wendy can't help but notice that the train's number is 081, which, in the reflection of a mirror she is looking at, reads 180, the ominous number in the franchise. She is unnerved, but sits down to talk to Julie.As they speak, she notices Kevin riding on the train as well, and goes over to ask why he's there. As he begins talking, she notices something is wrong as the lights begin to dim. Meanwhile, the rat chews on the candy bar, but gets too close to electricity and fries itself, causing the tracks to switch over. The train then goes haywire, and everyone panics as it flies off the tracks. Julie is obliterated by the train's wheel, and Kevin is thrown against a cracked window and is unable to move as it slowly begins to grow weaker. The window finally breaks and Kevin is jettisoned outside, screaming as he is violently ground between the train and tunnel wall. Wendy clings onto a pole, screaming, until the train crashes and she is thrown outside. Wendy sees that everyone is dead around her, and she crawls, seeing her leg is severely injured. Wendy begins crying and soon afterwards another train approaches her at full speed.She begins screaming and just as the train is about to hit her, it is revealed to be another premonition she had while talking to Kevin - but this time, the premonition has taken place mere seconds before the accident which it depicted. Wendy alarms Kevin and Julie about the train as Kevin grabs the emergency brake. Julie and Wendy try to pry the door open as the lights begin to flash and the screen cuts to black. The last thing heard is the crashing of the subway train.
tags: violence,  horror,  gothic,  sadist, 

title: Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer
synopsis: In the opening shot, a naked and bloody dead woman is seen lying in grass in a field.In a local diner, a man named Henry (Michael Rooker) finishes his meal, pays his tab, buys a pack of Kool brand cigarettes, and tells the waitress: real nice smile you got there. Henry walks to his beat-up dark-green 1970 Chevy Impala and drives off.In a convenience/liquor store, a middle-aged man and woman are seen lying dead beside the counter, and the sounds of their murder are heard. In other shots, a woman is seen lying dead in the bathroom of a motel room. Another nude woman is seen lying dead in a creek.Henry drives around Chicago listening to his car radio and staring at the people on the street. He drives to a suburban neighborhood and sees several women walking to their cars in a shopping mall parking lot. He follows one woman to her house, but leaves when he sees a man greet her in the driveway. Henry drives on until he picks up a female guitar-carrying hitchhiker.Meanwhile, a man named Otis (Tom Towles) meets his younger sister Becky (Tracy Arnold) at a terminal at Midway Airport. She has just arrived from Texas to stay with him for a while. Otis tells Becky that she looks terrible (from the bruises on her face). In his car driving from the airport, Otis says he always knew that Becky's husband, Leroy, was no good for her. Becky tells Otis that she is not sure how long she will stay.Otis and Becky arrive at Otis' seedy second floor apartment located at 1801 North Road in Chicago. They are seated at the kitchen table talking when Henry walks in. Henry has the hitchhiker's guitar and gives it to Otis as a gift. Otis introduces Henry to his sister, and Otis tells Becky that Henry is currently heading west and has been staying with him for a few weeks.The next day, Henry is seen working as an exterminator, spraying a kitchen. Henry's boss arrives as he is leaving and tells Henry that this is all the work he has for a while, but tells him to hold onto the spray can. He gives Henry some money for his job and sends him on his way. Henry drives to the house of the same woman that he followed from the mall a few days earlier. He still his spray tank with him. He knocks on the woman's front door and introduces himself as an exterminator and asks if she needs her house fumigated. She lets him inside. Afterwords, the woman is seen laying dead on her living room couch, having been strangled with an electrical cord.Meanwhile, Otis is seen working as a fuel pump operator at a local gas station. A teenage boy visits Otis at the station and asks if Otis has any more of the stuff that he sold the boy last week. He gives Otis some money, and Otis agrees to meet with the teen later.That evening, Becky is in the kitchen cooking dinner and she asks Otis how he met Henry. He tells her that they met in prison a few years ago and that Henry was inside for killing his mother and one of her boyfriends with a baseball bat. After dinner, Henry helps Becky clear the table as well as wash and dry the dishes, while Otis leaves to go to his meeting with the teenager. While playing cards with Henry, Becky asks him about his father, and then tells him that her own father used to rape her. She asks Henry if he killed his mother and repeats what Otis told her. Henry tells Becky that he did kill his own mother but he didn't beat her to death with a baseball bat. He stabbed her. Henry explains that his mother was a prostitute who brought men over and make Henry watch while she had sex with them. When Henry would refuse, she would beat him. When Henry mentions about shooting his mother, Becky reminds him that he told her that he stabbed her. Henry corrects himself.The following evening, Becky again cooks dinner for Henry and Otis and mentions that she got a job as a shampoo girl at a local beauty parlor downtown to help out financially. Otis mentions that Becky's previous job was a stripper and that she used to dance naked at various strips clubs, and asks when she will dance for them. Otis tells Becky to get him a beer. When she comes back to the table with a can, he pulls her by her arm as if to give her a kiss. Henry suddenly grabs Otis' hair and yells Don't do that, Otis! She's your sister! Henry makes Otis apologize and promise not to do it again. Otis seems upset, so Becky suggests the two men go out for a beer.While driving along a seedy part of Milwaukee Avenue, Henry and Otis pick up a couple of women. The car pulls into an alley where they begin to make out with the two women. In the back seat, Henry suddenly kills her. The other woman, in the front seat with Otis, screams and tries to get out of the car, but Otis grabs her while Henry reaches up and snaps the woman's neck. He pulls the bodies out and leaves them in the alley. Otis is unsettled, but Henry pacifies him by getting him something to eat. At Otis' apartment later, Henry talks about killing people, and Otis seems to agree with Henry's philosophy that it is either you or them.Another evening later, Otis in his living room and getting bad TV reception and kicks in the screen. He decides that they need a new television. Otis and Henry drive to a garage where they meet a portly man surrounded by television sets and other appliances. The three men discuss different TV's and a $500 video camera before Otis settles on a $50 black-and-white TV. The fat man is angry that they wasted his time to settle for a cheap TV and is rude towards Henry, who responds by stabbing him in his hand and then in the stomach. Then the two of them bash the $50 TV over his head and plug it it, killing the fat man. A little later, Otis, Henry and Becky are playing with the stolen video camera at Otis' apartment and watch TV with a new and stolen TV set.Another few days later, Otis goes to see his parole officer to discuss his job status. Later, Otis goes to a high school parking lot where he meets with the same teenage boy for a drug transaction. Otis touches the boy's leg, and receives a punch to his face by the homophobic youth who runs out of the car.That evening, a furious Otis tells Henry that he wants to go out and kill someone. Henry and Otis drive around Chicago and feign car trouble at Lower Wacker Drive where Otis shoots and kills a man who stops to offer help.The next day, while out filming with the video camera, Henry advices Otis about his MO for killing and tells him to kill in different ways so that the police will not find a pattern. Henry also says that it is important to keep moving and never stay in one place for too long. That evening, the two men head over to a house where they stage a home invasion. Henry films Otis tormenting a woman, while her husband is lying on the floor bound and gagged. The couple's teenage son returns and Henry drops the camera, runs to the boy and breaks his neck. Otis breaks the woman's neck and Henry stabs the man. Otis fondles and kisses the dead woman, and Henry orders him to stop. Later, Henry and Otis are back in the apartment watching the video. Otis rewinds the tape saying, I want to see it again.Another day or two later, Becky is working at her job at the beauty parlor and during a break, she talks on the phone with her mother long distance and asks how she is doing.Meanwhile, Henry and Otis are driving around in Henry's car. As Otis leans out with the video camera, the camera is hit and broken. Otis throws it out the window and the two men argue. Henry warns Otis that he is getting careless and out of control with his antics. The growing warped Otis says that he wants to stop for a beer, and Henry forces him to get out of the car.Henry arrives back at the apartment where Becky tells him that she just quit her job so she can go back to Texas to live with her daughter and mother, and she asks Henry to go with her. Henry suggests going out to get a steak dinner at a local restaurant so they can talk about it some more. Plus, Henry wants to try out his new credit card (obviously stolen from one of his recent victims).The couple returns a few hours later to find Otis passed out drunk on the living room couch. Becky takes Henry to her bedroom where she takes off her shirt and begins to unbutton his, clearly wanting to have sex with him. Henry seems reluctant. Otis suddenly appears in the doorway and says I ain't interuptin' nothin', am I? Henry leaves the apartment and goes for a walk. He goes to a convenience store to buy some more Kool cigarettes. He is angry, but backs out on wanting to kill the store clerk. Outside in an alley, he meets a middle-aged woman walking a dog. He follows the woman for a while, but again backs out from killing her and heads back to the apartment.Upon arriving back at the apartment, Henry finds Otis on top of a partially unclothed Becky, clearly raping her while choking her with his shirt. Henry kicks him off and beats him until Otis breaks a liquor bottle over his head. Just when Otis is about to stab Henry with the broken bottle's jagged edge, Becky leaps up and stabs Otis in his eye with the sharp edge of a steel comb. Henry crawls to the wounded and screaming Otis and stabs him in the stomach with his hunting knife, killing him at last. Becky yells at Henry to get the police, but Henry tells her to shut up and let him think. After a minute, he tells Becky help him clean up the mess and pack up so they can leave since their names are not on the lease of the apartment. While Becky cleans up the blood, Henry chops up Otis in the bathtub and puts his remains in several black plastic trash bags and then puts the bags in a suitcase. Henry and Becky leave the apartment carrying several suitcases as well as the guitar case. They drive to a bridge and throw the suitcase containing Otis' cut up body into the Chicago river.While driving out of the city, Henry says that they are going to hide out at his sister's ranch out west and they will send for Becky's daughter. Becky tells Henry that she loves him. Henry replies unemotionally, I guess I love you too. The two of them drive to a rural motel and check in for the night. Becky plays with the guitar while Henry looks at himself in the bathroom mirror. He tells Becky that they need to get some sleep for they have a long drive tomorrow.The next morning, Henry showers, shaves, packs up and leaves the motel by himself. He stops his car a short distance from the motel along a rural road, pops open the car trunk and takes out Becky's blood stained suitcase. He drives away, leaving the suitcase (obviously containing Becky's dismembered body in it) behind.
tags: dark,  psychological,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Alien
synopsis: Scenes in red appear only in the 2003 Director's Cut. Scenes in blue appear only in the 1979 Theatrical Edition.The opening credits appear in front of a large planet with rings. Cut to the far reaches of deep space: the Nostromo, a commercial towing space vehicle, carrying a refinery with twenty million tons of mineral ore, is en route to Earth with a crew of seven. Inside, the ship appears eerily quiet, but suddenly, the onboard computer is activated. Lights inside the ship are activated, and a room with 7 biobeds is illuminated. The canopies open to wake the crew. Executive Officer Kane (John Hurt) is the first to get out. They congregate in the mess hall, where they cheerfully enjoy a meal. Chief Engineer Parker (Yaphet Kotto) and Engineering Technician Brett (Harry Dean Stanton) take the opportunity to discuss the bonus system, which they find unfair, as they get paid less than the officers. Captain Dallas (Tom Skerritt) is called away by Mother, the ship's computer, before they can have a meaningful conversation. Dallas enters the Mother console room, and tries to assess the situation, as the rest of the crew gets in the cockpit of the ship to determine their location. They quickly deduce that they are not home yet. Navigator Lambert (Veronica Cartwright) finds out that they are at Zeta II Reticuli, and the ship is still quite far from Earth. When Parker and Brett return from their round of the lower deck, complaining about their colleagues' attitude and the bonus system, Dallas briefs the crew: the ship is not even halfway home, and has altered course because it has picked up an unknown signal, which repeats every 12 seconds. The crew has been awoken from cryosleep to investigate. Parker protests, arguing that they're not a rescue team and that they should be compensated for the extra work, but Science Officer Ash (Ian Holm) stipulates that per Company contract, the crew is obliged to investigate every signal from an intelligent source; non-compliance will result in loss of pay, which quickly gets Parker in a cooperative mood.The crew assembles in the cockpit to listen to the signal. It sounds very strange and unearthly, perhaps like a voice. Lambert homes in on it and finds that it comes from a planetoid, 1200 km in diameter, with a 2 hour rotation and some gravity.The Nostromo approaches the planet, which is close to one enormous ringed planet and two smaller ones. The ship separates from the refinery, and sets course to the planet's surface. It descends toward the planet, but the landing is rough, causing damage that will take some time for Parker and Brett to fix (although they allot themselves copious amounts of time). The planet is windy, and visibility is low. As the source of the signal is 2000 meters away and the sun is coming up, Dallas and Kane decide to investigate on foot. A reluctant Lambert is ordered to join. Ash takes place behind an outer window with a communication console, as the team puts on the space suits and leaves the ship to investigate the signal on the planet's windy surface. In the meanwhile, Warrant Officer Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) has gone to the lower deck to inspect the repairs. Parker and Brett ask if there will be a bonus for any discovery which is made on the surface; Ripley assures them that the law guarantees them a share, before returning upstairs, as they keep teasing her. Outside, the team walks between the rocks, through the planetoid's inhabitable atmosphere. Inside the ship, Ash tells Ripley that Mother has not yet deciphered the signal; she volunteers to give it a try. Ripley accesses a console and starts working on the strange signal.Outside, the sun is up and they wind has laid down. The team clears the rock formation, and makes a fascinating discovery. Near the horizon, they see a derelict spacecraft of unknown origin. It is lying against the rocks, vaguely shaped like a horseshoe. Despite Lambert's hesitation, they approach it, losing contact with the Nostromo upon entering the massive ship through an opening at the side. Inside, they find hallways with walls textured like bones. At the end is an elevated platform. It carries the remains of an enormous alien creature in a large chair, now fossilized. Upon initial examination, there is evidence of some unknown trauma to its chest: its ribs are bent outward, as if it exploded from the inside. Lambert wants to leave. Kane then draws the others' attention to a large hole in the floor.Meanwhile, analysis of the unidentified transmission suggests that it is not an SOS, but a warning. Ripley wants to go after the search party, but Ash talks her out of it, reasoning that by the time she gets there, the search team will probably know what the signal means.Kane is lowered into the hole by means of a winch. He finds an enormous tube-like hallway down below, divided into sections and basins. He nears one basin, discovering thousands of leathery objects that resemble large eggs. He also discovers a strange light and mist covering the eggs that reacts when broken. He trips and falls into the pit, but is okay and moves in to investigate further. Kane touches one of the eggs, which seems to give a shriek. He illuminates the egg from behind with a flashlight and discovers movement inside. He grabs a pistol: a strange, spider-like organism is the resident. The egg has flaps on top, which open, revealing its insides. As Kane moves into for a better look, the strange life form inside suddenly leaps out, attaching itself to Kane's helmet.Ash is looking towards the planet's surface, when he sees Dallas and Lambert carrying the unconscious Kane back to the Nostromo. They enter the airlock and ask Ripley to let them in, while Ash waits at the inner airlock door to open it. They inform Ripley that an organism has attached itself to Kane's face. Ripley hesitates, citing quarantine protocol: for the safety of the crew, Kane should first be decontaminated for 24 hours before being brought on board. Dallas fears for Kane's life and orders her to open the door, but she refuses, despite Dallas trying to pull rank. However, Ash disregards Ripley's decision and lets them in.In the infirmary, Dallas and Ash cut Kane's helmet open: they find that a spider-like creature has attached itself to Kane's face, with eight fingers, and a long tail tightly wrapped around his neck. Despite his mouth being blocked, Kane is breathing heavily. Parker, Brett and Lambert observe through a window. Ripley joins them, and is angrily slapped by a furious Lambert for not allowing them to re-enter the ship; the men break the women apart. Dallas berates Ripley for disobeying a direct order, but Ripley furiously replies that she was just following the rules. Ash attempts to remove the creature from Kane's face with a pair of pliers, but it merely tightens its grip, and is holding on so tight that it will tear Kane's skin off with it. Kane is examined with a sophisticated medical scanner, which shows that the creature has inserted a tube into Kane's throat and is feeding him oxygen. Ash deduces that since Kane is comatose and the parasite is feeding him oxygen, removing the creature may kill Kane. However, Dallas is willing to take the risk.Ash tries to cut off one of its legs with a scalpel, but a yellowish fluid pours out of the wound and begins to eat through the floor. Out of concern that the acidic fluid will breach the hull, the crew runs several floors downstairs, and find that the stuff's corrosive effects is neutralized after burning through several decks. Dallas says the substance resembles molecular acid, and Brett comments the creature must be using it for blood. 'Wonderful defense mechanism - you don't dare kill it', growls Parker. Dallas orders everyone back to their posts, as Kane is left in his coma to be tended by Ash.Parker and Brett resume their repairs, commenting that they should never have landed on the planet. As Kane's situation remains unchanged, Ash is collecting data on the creature. He is startled by the sudden presence of Ripley in the infirmary. She wants to know what he has found out yet. Ash can only confirm that the creature's skin is made up of polysaccharides, which it is slowly replacing with silicon to toughen itself up. Ripley then confronts him with his decision to let it aboard, ignoring the quarantine law; Ash defends himself by stating that he did it out of concern for Kane's life, and that he temporarily forgot the fact that Ripley is the officer in charge when Dallas and Kane are away. Ripley replies that by allowing this, he has put all of their lives at risk, which is not appropriate behavior for a science officer. Ash coldly lets her know that he is perfectly capable to make that decision, and she should stick to her own job. Ripley leaves.Dallas is sitting in the Nostromo's escape shuttle, the Narcissus, listening to music, when he is called to the infirmary by Ash, because something has happened to Kane. The creature has detached from Kane's face on its own, and has disappeared. Dallas, Ripley and Ash search the infirmary, and find it when it suddenly drops from an overhead compartment on an unsuspecting Ripley; it appears to be dead, only showing basic reflexes. They take a closer look at it, and confirm it is dead. Ripley wants to get rid of it, fearing that it may become even more harmful when dead; Ash strongly disagrees, given the uniqueness of the specimen. He wants to take it back to Earth for more tests, as it is harmless now. Dallas shares Ripley's sentiment, but leaves the decision to Ash, to Ripley's amazement.Ripley tries to talk some sense into Dallas, who is unwilling to listen to her arguments, replying that he only runs the ship, and the science officer has the final word on all things scientific. Apparently, this is standard procedure nowadays, as per the almighty Company's regulations. Ripley asks if Dallas has ever worked with Ash before. Dallas mentions that he did five tours with the same science officer, but this person was suddenly replaced two days before the Nostromo left Thedus dock. Ripley admits she doesn't trust Ash, but Dallas responds that he doesn't trust anybody. He asks about the status of repairs, which are still underway, but appear completed enough to take the ship off. Even though Ripley does not recommend it, Dallas prefers to leave as soon as possible.After a successful take-off and despite some minor technical errors, the ship docks with the refinery and cargo in orbit. The Nostromo then resumes its course for Earth.The crew is back in the mess hall, bickering again about what to do with Kane. Dallas decides they will all get back into cryosleep. Lambert has calculated that it will take another 10 months to get back to Earth, which spoils their moods even further. Ash suddenly calls Dallas to the infirmary. Kane has awoken, still groggy but seemingly unharmed. He remembers very little of the event, but is starved and wants to eat. The crew decides to have one last meal before they re-enter cryosleep. During the meal, the crew is finally having a good time again, joking and enjoying the food. Kane is eating like he hasn't got food in ages, sharply observed by Ash. Suddenly, Kane begins to choke. After initially thinking he has swallowed something bad, the mood suddenly changes when Kane starts to groan and convulse violently. While he lies writhing and screaming on the table, the crew tries to aid and stabilize him, but his chest suddenly bursts, and a small snake-like alien creature erupts from his insides. It silently observes its surroundings. Parker moves in to kill it with a knife, but he is stopped by Ash. The creature screeches, then scurries away quickly, leaving the crew stunned and horrified.A quick search through the deck yields no results whatsoever. After a short funeral for Kane, where his body is jettisoned into space, the crew members split up into two teams to capture the small creature. Brett assembles a weapon similar to a cattle prod, while Ash rigs together a tracking device. Parker, Brett, and Ripley investigate one of the lower decks, finding that the power has been disrupted despite repairs having been finished. Picking up a signal, they think they have the creature cornered in a cupboard. They prepare to catch it in a net, only to be startled by the discovery that it is the crew's cat, Jones, who had found a quiet place inside the cupboard, and runs away. Realizing they might pick up the cat on the tracker again later, Parker sends Brett off to catch Jones. As Brett is searching for Jones, he finds a mysterious object resembling a shedded snake skin on the floor. He continues on to a hold housing one of the ship's landing struts, eventually catching up with Jones. A strange creature is hanging in the chains above him, seemingly observing him. As Brett tries to coax Jones out, the cat hisses when a huge shape drops down behind him. It is the creature, however now with four limbs, an elongated head, fully grown and towering over Brett. Brett turns around, and is mesmerized while looking at the creature opening its mouth, revealing a second set of teeth which quickly extends from the mouth, biting Brett in the head, and dragging him, bloodied and screaming, above into an air shaft. Ripley and Parker hear him and arrive just in time to catch a glimpse of the monster as Brett disappears and blood drips down.Parker and Ripley can only confirm the creature is big and escaped through the air ducts. Brett is assumed dead. The crew debates their next move. They all agree that the alien is using the air shafts to move around, so if they could drive it from the ducts into an airlock, they might be able to blow it out into space. Ripley asks Ash if he can offer some helpful information as a scientist; Ash suggests the alien may be afraid of fire, as most animals are. Fortunately, there are several flamethrowers on board. Ripley volunteers to enter the air shafts, but Dallas overrules her by volunteering himself.Dallas enters the Mother console once more. He tries to get the Mother computer to evaluate their procedure to get rid of the alien, but Mother simply cannot provide an answer, due to lack of input. He tries to get Mother to offer suggestions, but again, the computer cannot compute, due to lack of available data. Finally, Dallas types  What are my chances? The computer replies that it cannot compute.The main airlock is prepared by Ripley and Ash for the decompression procedure, while Parker and Lambert position themselves where they can measure movement inside the ducts. The main duct is opened and Dallas enters the network of air shafts with a flamethrower, allowing the crew to remote-close valves behind him as he proceeds. Lambert uses a motion tracker to get his location, when she suddenly catches another signal going towards him. Assuming it is the alien, Dallas uses the flamethrower to make sure that one of the ducts leading down is safe. He ascends a ladder to the lower duct, but the alien's signal is lost in the meanwhile. He finds a puddle of slime on the floor. Lambert assures him that the alien cannot be far, so he uses the flame thrower around him to scare it out of hiding; nothing is there. Dallas is disoriented in the cramped space and starts to panic, when the other signal starts moving again, at higher speed to his location. Lambert desperately urges him to move away. He descends another ladder, turning around, his light illuminating the shrieking creature stretching its arms towards him. Static and feedback interrupt the line, and then there is only silence.Parker puts Dallas' flamethrower on the table, saying it was just laying in the duct: no blood, no Dallas. Lambert looks as if she is near a nervous breakdown, while Ripley is desperately trying to hide her apprehension. She suggests that in absence of a better idea, they should continue with the old plan. Lambert says it is madness, and suggests abandoning the ship with the shuttle; however, the shuttle cannot sustain four people. Parker also opposes the idea, and wants to kill the creature; even if this means entering the entire duct system again, and blowing the alien out of the airlock. He leaves to re-fill the flamethrower. Ripley once again tries to get helpful information from Ash, but he says he is still analyzing. She scoffs at him for being so little help, and decides to go and try Mother for answers, since she now has access in light of Dallas' absence.Ripley enters the Mother console, and queries Mother for answers as to why they are unable to neutralize the alien. Mother responds that she cannot clarify. Ripley asks Mother to explain that. Mother replies that she cannot, referring to 'Special Order 937' , which is only meant to be read by the science officer. Ripley uses a command override to force Mother to explain what Special Order 937 entails. Mother displays the following shocking text: 'Nostromo rerouted to new coordinates. Investigate life form. Gather specimen. Priority one: insure return of organism for analysis. All other considerations secondary. Crew expendable.' As she contemplates the cold, hard words, she suddenly finds Ash sitting next to her, saying there is an explanation for this. Furiously, she grabs and yells at him, sobbing uncontrollably. She leaves the console, trying to contact Parker and Lambert, but she finds that Ash is closing all doors leaving the mess hall, preventing her from leaving. She demands that he open the doors, but Ash simply stares at her. She notices a drop of white liquid running down his face, and he starts to have facial twitches. Unnerved, she tries to run away, but he suddenly grabs her hair; Ripley breaks free, pulling out a lock of hair, and tries to run. Ash quickly catches up and throws her against a few walls. While she is barely conscious, Ash uses a rolled-up magazine in order to choke her. She starts to struggle fiercely as Ash starts to twitch and make incoherent noises. Suddenly, Parker and Lambert arrive, both trying to drag Ash away from Ripley. Parker howls in pain as Ash grabs a piece of skin on his chest, forcing him to let go. Parker quickly grabs a fire extinguisher and hits Ash with it in the back. Ash starts to convulse and shriek violently, making very inhuman sounds while spitting out white liquid. Parker gives him another blow with the extinguisher, dislodging Ash's head, revealing Ash is an android. He keeps ponding Ash until he is on the floor, white liquid gushing from its insides. Ash' movements start to decrease and Parker settles down, but suddenly, the decapitated body grabs him and forces him onto a table; Lambert finally grabs the electric prod and screams as she stabs Ash in the back with it, finally rendering the android lifeless.With Ash disabled, Ripley theorizes that the Company sent him along to bring an alien back for their weapons division, as Ash was always very protective of the creature. They reconnect his disembodied head to see if he can give them any advice on how to deal with the creature. Ash confirms that his order was to bring back the life-form, even if it meant sacrificing the crew. Ripley asks how they can kill the creature. He tells them they have no chance against it, as it is the perfect organism. He has a silent admiration for it, a survivor, unclouded by conscience, remorse and delusions of morality. When he mocks their chances of survival, Ripley disconnects him again. The three survivors decide to follow Lambert's earlier suggestion; set the Nostromo to self-destruct and escape in the shuttle, leaving the Alien to die on the main ship. As they leave the room, Parker turns the flamethrower on Ash's corpse, melting his remains. Ripley will prep the shuttle for launch, while Parker and Lambert go to gather coolant for the shuttle's life-support system.While prepping the shuttle, Ripley hears the cat meowing on the ship's open intercom system, and realizes Jones is still left behind. Lambert and Parker are in the hold gathering equipment. They proceed to a small room where the coolant is stored. Ripley ventures out alone, into the hallways of the Nostromo to find Jones the cat. Expecting the alien at every turn, Ripley finally locates the cat in the cockpit, where he startles her as he suddenly jumps into view. She puts him into his traveling container. In the meanwhile, Parker and Lambert are working so feverishly on the supplies, that neither of them pays attention to a large shadow that has appeared inside the room. It is the alien, and it closes in on Lambert. Ripley can hear Parker over the open intercom, shouting to Lambert to get out of the way, but the alien has cornered her against the wall. Parker is unable to get a clear shot at it with the flamethrower without risking harm to Lambert, as it is hulking over her. Finally, he charges at the creature, but it rapidly spins, whipping the flamethrower out of his hands with its long tail, and grabbing him with its large claws. Despite his struggle, the creature holds a tight grip, opens its mouth, and its bizarre inner jaws pierce Parker's head, instantly killing him. As Ripley rushes towards their position, she is powerless to prevent the creature from turning back to Lambert. It curls its tail around her, and the final thing that Ripley can hear from the intercom are the sounds of Lambert, crying, sobbing, gagging and screaming. Ripley finds their blodied and lifeless bodies in the storage room where they had been working in, with no sign of the alien.In terrible shock, Ripley dashes towards the emergency room without stopping. Between the sobs, she locates the ship's self-destruct mechanism and quickly completes the entire procedure to activate it. The voice of Mother now announces that the self-destruct mechanism has been activated, and the ship will detonate in 10 minutes; however, the self-destruct can still be canceled during the first five minutes.Ripley takes a ladder to the lower deck, where she hears a soft groan. She inspects the hold, and finds a strange organic structure adhering to the walls and machinery. Shocked, she finds Dallas stuck within the adhesive, barely alive. On the opposite wall, she notices a shape which vaguely resembles Brett; he seems to be dissolving, transforming into an object like the eggs seen in the derelict ship. Dallas very weakly begs Ripley to kill him. After some hesitation, she grants his dying request: she burns them both with the flamethrower and rushes out of the chamber.Ripley crawls up a ladder, and runs towards the shuttle with Jones in the container. She briefly rests against a wall, when she suddenly hears the alien stirring around the corner. Terrified, she drops the cat carrier and carefully retraces her steps along the wall, as the alien slowly comes into view around the corner. It shows interest in Jones. The alien slams the container against a wall. Ripley races back to the self-destruct mechanism and tries to override the procedure; however, she is too late, as the mechanism is already starting to activate. She restarts the cooling unit, but Mother announces that it is too late to stop the countdown, and the Nostromo will explode in 5 minutes, much to Ripley's frustrated anger. With sirens blaring and steam releasing from the vents, Ripley runs back to the shuttle loading area, ready to make her best attempt to fight off the alien and get into the lifeboat. However, the alien is nowhere to be seen, only the cat container lying on its side. As fires start to erupt, she picks up Jones and boards the shuttle with only one minute to abandon ship. She quickly runs through the launch sequence, and the shuttle lowers to launch position as Mother starts counting down the last 30 seconds of the Nostromo's life. The shuttle's engines ignite and the ship races away from the Nostromo, which grows smaller by the second. A series of mighty explosions follow as the Nostromo vanishes in fire, destroying the refinery and ore it had been carrying. Ripley is relieved it destroyed the alien along with it.Ripley gives Jones an hug and prepares one of the biobeds for cryosleep, putting Jones in it. As she makes final preparations for the ship, a hand suddenly reaches out to her from a wall; she shrieks, and in horror, she sees the alien lying in an alcove. It had, in fact, stowed away aboard the shuttle, its external physicality making it blend in with the ship's machinery. She flees into a locker with space suits inside, and notices the alien is not following her; it remains lying in the alcove, seemingly unable to do something. Ripley gets an idea, and dons one of the spacesuits. She arms herself with a harpoon gun, then straps herself into a chair while singing 'You are my lucky star' to calm her nerves. Opening a series of air vents above the alien's head, Ripley tests them one at a time, and then finds one that directly blasts high-pressure steam onto the alien, driving it screaming from its hiding spot. As she is activating several buttons, she doesn't notice the monster creeping up to her from the side, until it is standing next to her to its full, menacing 2-meter height, ready to attack with its inner jaw. Screaming, she opens the shuttle's airlock door. Everything not secured, including the alien, blasts towards the door. The alien, however, grabs the edges of the doorway to prevent itself from being sucked outside. Ripley quickly fires her harpoon before the creature is able to haul itself in; it pierces the screaming alien, which lets go of the doorway and blasts outside, the wire connecting the gun to the harpoon pulling the gun out of Ripley's hands. However, the door slams shut, jamming the wire under it. Still tethered to the door by the wire, the alien undauntedly attempts to re-enter the ship by climbing inside one of the heat thrusters. Ripley, however, sees the opportunity and fires the engines, incinerating the alien, and sending it drifting into space.Before she and Jones enter hypersleep for the trip home, Ripley records a final log entry, stating that Kane, Lambert, Parker, Brett, Ash and captain Dallas are dead. Cargo and ship are destroyed. She expects to reach the frontier in six weeks, and to be picked up by the network. She signs off as Ripley, last survivor of the Nostromo, and gets into hypersleep.End credits.
tags: dark,  boring,  gothic,  murder,  mystery,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  action,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful,  sci-fi, 

title: The Haunted
synopsis: This creepy and scary story centers around The Smurl family of Pittston, Pennsylvania. After they move to a duplex, they begin experiencing strange things. Dark shadows move about the house. Mrs Smurl hears her mother in law calling her name only to find out later that she was not calling her. A black stain on the wall keeps reappearing after being cleaned and painted over and a foul smell lingers. Weird noises awaken them in the night and invisible hands caress Mrs Smurl while she's sleeping. But things begin to get worse. They begin to experience physical attacks by the invisible entity. When they try to get away from the house, they notice the black shadow had followed them. They realized that no matter where they go this thing will follow. When the attacks begin to get out of control, they contact The Warren family but will the renowned psychics be able to get rid of the evil presence that intends on destroying them?
tags: paranormal,  horror,  haunting, 

title: Cosa avete fatto a Solange?
synopsis: Enrico and Elizabeth are making out in a rowboat when Elizabeth sits up and thinks she sees a girl running along the shore. She interrupts the kissing session again when she sees a knife being swung. Enrico, thinking she just wants an excuse to stop, angrily rows the boat to shore Enrico and Elizabeth leave, and a pen is dropped. Enrico, at home with his wife, Herta, hears a radio report of a murdered girl. On his way to school where he works as a teacher, Enrico stops by the crime scene. Inspector Barth is at the school with the headmaster Mr. Leach and some teachers with Enrico walks in late. Enrico leaves, passes by a classroom, and sees Elizabeth (she's a student). He goes to gym class and tells his students that their classmate Hilda has been killed.Later, Enrico asks Elizabeth what she saw then they were together. She says she saw a shadow like a man and something funny. Enrico asks her not to go to the police, for fear that they will ask Elizabeth who she was with. At home, and an irate Herta asks Enrico where he was that morning (he had lied by saying that his car and broken down). She shows him the front page of the newspaper, with a photograph of the crime scene and Enrico pictured in the background. Inspector Barth talks to Enrico and asks him how he found such a obscure local in such a short time. Barth is shown a pen that was found on the victim's dress, and he talks to Hilda's parents, who say that their daughter went to confession the afternoon she was killed.Enrico calls Elizabeth at home and gives her an address for a place to meet. She tells her uncle that she is going to study with Brenda. She rides her bicycle and is followed by someone in a car. Enrico lets Elizabeth into a small apartment and two lovers kiss. Some calls from a pay phone and hangs up.Enrico is back at home grading test papers, and Herta asks him if he had sex with Hilda. The inspector arrives at the front door, and he slyly places Enrico's pen on the table. Enrico sees it. Herta leaves the room, and Barth states his belief that Enrico was a witness. The teacher admits to being there with Elizabeth and says she claims to have seen the killer.Janet is at home with the maid when a man, saying he is Helen's father, calls and says that Helen needs to borrow Janet's Italian book. As she goes to the car outside, tape is slapped over her mouth and she is driven away. Janet is dragged out of the car and stabbed to death.Elizabeth wakes up in bed, thinks back to Hilda running and calls Enrico. Elizabeth runs to her car when Enrico arrives and tells him she remembers that the killer wore a black habit, like a priest. The next day, Elizabeth tells Mr. Bascombe she knows something about Hilda's murder. He leads her to a room of teachers (including Enrico) where she tells of the priest-like pursuer. Afterwards, Enrico thanks the girl for leaving him out of the story. Later, the killer walks into Enrico's apartment and takes the needle off of the record that is playing. Elizabeth is attacked and drowned in the bathtub while taking a bath. Outside, a bearded man sees the killer run away.Enrico is arrested for Elizabeth's murder, and Barth interrogates the other teachers at the school. At the police station, Barth receives the autopsy report that hair was found under Elizabeth's fingernails which turned out to be dead hair. The report also says that Elizabeth was not sexually assaulted and was in fact a virgin. The bearded man is brought in for questioning and later looks at a line-up of priests and says that the man he saw running away from the building had a beard. Barth is told that, because of the dead hair, it was probably a false beard.Barth tells Herta that Enrico did not kill anyone and that Elizabeth was a virgin, and the teacher seems happy. Enrico says he wants to find out who killed Elizabeth, and Herta offers to help. In Herta's class, Barth asks the girls if they know a bearded priest. Brenda says that Janet confessed to a priest with a beard at Hilda's funeral. Herta talks to the girls and learns of a secret society. She tells Enrico about the society and says that Hilda and Janet once dated university students, and she has a name.Enrico goes to see Phillip and asks him about Hilda and Janet; he talks about the girls hanging out with him and his friends. He says that, after a while, they no longer had sex with boys after what happened to Solange, a girl who used to go to the school and has suddenly disappeared.At the funeral for Elizabeth and Janet, a man hands something to Helen, who passes it on to Brenda. Enrico talks to the two girls and asks about Solange, whom they claim not to know. Bascome wants Enrico about prying with the girls.Herta calls some schools and learns about one Solange that did not return. Brenda leaves a note in Henry's mail. The next day, Herta goes to the school and Enrico goes to the address where Solange once lived' the woman who answers the front door says she did not know the previous owners. Enrico picks up his mail and drops Brenda's note. The killer calls and suggests he take a vacation or he will not see her again. Enrico calls the rental agents, but the offices are closed.Downstairs, Enrico is handed the fallen note, with the name Ruth Holden written on it. Enrico goes to her place and finds a dead dog, a bloody shovel, and Ruth dead with a sickle in her neck.Herta asks Helen and Brenda if they know Ruth, but they respond negatively. The inspector stops them and says that Brenda's mother told him Ruth was the girl's maid. Brenda says she forgot the woman's real name.Enrico, lying in the sun with Herta, says he thinks that the killer dressed as a priest and confessed the girls. A quiet girl stands near the couple and runs away and a woman calls after her: Solange!The killer calls Brenda and tells her to go somewhere, and the cops (listening in) set up a trap for the killer at a carnival. Brenda sees Solange on the merry-go-round and takes the quiet girl away. A cop dressed as a priest loses sight of the two girls, and they are seen being driven away by another priest. Bascombe comes into the station and says that his daughter, Solenge, is gone, and he shows a picture of her. The inspector tells an inquisitive Enrico that Solange is sick in the head and has experienced infantile regression. Enrico, Barth, and Herta go to Bascombe's house and the inspector sees a green pin by a photograph of Solange. Solange is in the next room with a restrained Brenda, and the killer tells her to explain everything. Brenda recalls the girls going to see Ruth, and Elizabeth and Hilda trying to talk to Solange out of going in and letting nature take its course. But the others lead her inside and hold her down as Ruth gets a needle and performs a painful abortion on the pregnant Solange.Enrico and Herta to go Janet's place, and Enrico looks for her Italian book. He returns to Bascomb's place with Barth and another officer. When the man does not respond, Enrico kicks the door open and shows a second form Italian book (Solange did not get that far in school). Solange is at the door, and Bascombe returns and hugs his daughter. The men talk to him, and Solange pulls Herta away and leads her to a priest's habit. Herta calls Barth, and he and the cops run into the corridor and find the still-living Brenda. In his office, Bascombe pulls out a gun and shoots himself. Barth tells of the girls society (signified by green pins), their sex parties, and Solange's traumatic abortion. Solange sees her dead father and cries.
tags: pornographic,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: King Kong
synopsis: In 1933, in New York harbor Carl Denham (Robert Armstrong), a fierce independent film director famous for shooting animal pictures in remote and exotic locations, who is also a shifty showman, has recruited a bunch of macho seamen but is unable to hire an actress for his newest project His usual agent Charles Weston (Sam Hardy) refuses to supply anyone because of the dangerous nature of the expedition, so Carl goes wandering in the streets of New York searching for a suitable girl.He chances upon starving unemployed Ann Darrow (Fay Wray), as she is caught trying to steal an apple. Denham is taken with her, pays off the grocer , then buys her a meal and tries to convince her to join him on the adventure of a lifetime, offering her the lead in his project. Although Ann is apprehensive, she has nothing to lose and agrees.They set sail aboard the Venture, a tramp steamer, and travel for weeks in the direction of Indonesia, where Denham claims they will be shooting.Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships, the ship's first mate Jack Driscoll (Bruce Cabot) is obviously becoming attracted to Ann. Denham informs Driscoll he has enough trouble without the complications of a seagoing love affair. Driscoll sneers at the suggestion, reminding Denham of his toughness in past adventures.Denham's reply outlines the theme of the movie he is making: The Beast was a tough guy too. He could lick the world, but when he saw Beauty, she got him. He went soft. He forgot his wisdom and the little fellas licked him.One afternoon Carl wants to practice filming with Ann. As he rolls the camera, he tells her first to look around relaxed, then to look puzzled, surprised, look upwards, then further upwards, terrorized and speechless, finally to scream loudly for her life, while staring at the most horrifying thing she has ever seen . . .After maintaining secrecy for weeks, Denham finally tells Driscoll and Captain Englehorn (Frank Reicher) that they're searching for an uncharted island shown on a map in Denham's possession. The island has three labeled features: peninsula, jungle, and Skull Mountain. Denham has the only map that shows the location, originally drawn by a native of the island who had been swept out to sea.Denham then describes something monstrous connected to the island, a legendary entity known to the islanders only as Kong. The Captain has heard of something with that name.As the Venture creeps through the fog surrounding the island, the crew hears drums in the distance.Arriving at the island's shore, they see a native village on a peninsula, cut off from the bulk of the island by an enormous wall.A landing party, including the filming crew and Ann, goes ashore and encounters the natives, who are about to hand over a girl to Kong as a ritual sacrifice.Although Denham, Englehorn, Jack and Ann are hiding behind foliage, the native chief (Noble Johnson) spots them and approaches. Captain Englehorn is able to understand the native speech, and at Denham's urging makes friendly overtures to the chief. However, another tribe member (Steve Clemento) rushes up to the chief and tells him that the presence of outsiders has spoiled the ceremony. While translating this to the rest of the party, Englehorn says he must be the witch doctor.The chief then gets a clear look at Ann, and he begins speaking with great energy. Englehorn translates this as, Look at the golden woman! The chief proposes to swap six native women for Ann, an offer Denham delicately declines as he and his party edge away from the scene, assuring the chief that they will return tomorrow to get better acquainted.Back on the Venture, Jack and Ann openly express their love for each other. When Jack is called away to the captain's quarters, a stealthy contingent of natives captures Ann, takes her back to the wall, where she is presented to Kong in an elaborate ceremony, leaving her tied to columns behind the wall.Kong emerges from the jungle and is revealed to be a giant gorilla.The Venture crew returns to the village and open the huge gate on the wall; half of the crew then go after Kong, encountering an enraged stegosaurus, a brontosaurus, and a territorial apatosaurus. They get on a makeshift raft to cross a body of water, which is upended by a giant plesiosaurus.Up ahead in a jungle clearing, Kong places Ann in a high cleft of a tree, then goes back and confronts his pursuers as they are crossing a ravine on an enormous log. Kong shakes them off into the ravine, with only Driscoll and Denham surviving.Driscoll, continues the chase while Denham returns to get help.. Kong has become smitten with Ann, and Driscoll faces a challenge to save her from the beast and avoid being killed himself.Meanwhile, a tyrannosaurs rex approaches a terrified Ann, whose screams alert Kong, who rushes back and confronts the tyrannosaurus. The titanic fight between the two ends when Kong pries open the dinosaur's jaw until it breaks.Kong takes Ann up to his mountain lair, where a plesiosaurus emerges from a bubbling swamp and tries to strangle Kong, who kills it as well.Kong then inspects his blonde prize and begins to caress her, tearing off pieces of her clothing and tickling her.Jack interrupts the proceedings by knocking over a boulder. When the gorilla leaves Ann to investigate the noise, a pteranodon swoops from the sky and clutches Ann in its talons. A final fight ensues and the pterodactyl is dispatched.While Kong is distracted, Jack rescues Ann and takes her back to the village. To escape, at one point, they must jump into a deep pool of water many feet below.Kong chases them, breaks through the large door in the wall and rampages through the village, killing many natives.Denham hurls gas bombs at Kong, knocking him out, whereupon he exults in the opportunity presented: He's always been King of his world. But we'll teach him fear! We're millionaires, boys! I'll share it with all of you! Why, in a few months, his name will be up in lights on Broadway! Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!The next scene shows those last words in lights on a theater marquee. Along with hundreds of curious New Yorkers, Denham, Driscoll and Ann are in evening wear for the gala event. The curtain lifts, and Denham presents a subdued and shackled Kong to the stunned audience.All goes well until photographers, using the blinding flashbulbs of the era, begin snapping shots of Ann and Jack, who is now her fiancé. Under the impression that the flashbulbs are attacking Ann, Kong breaks free of his bonds and escapes from the theater, as the screaming audience flees.He rampages through city streets, destroying an elevated train and killing several citizens. He looks into windows, his glaring eyes looming in the windows of the wrecked elevated trainKong sees Ann in an upper floor hotel room, he reaches in the window, grabs her, and carries her to the top of the Empire State Building. The military dispatches four Curtiss Helldiver biplanes to destroy Kong.The ape gently sets Ann down on the building's observation deck and climbs atop the upper mast, trying to fend off the attackers.He manages to swat one plane down, but he is mortally wounded by machine-gun fire and plummets to his death in the street below.Denham picks his way to the front of the crowd, where a cop remarks Well Denham, the airplanes got him.Denham replies, It wasn't the airplanes. It was beauty killed the beast.
tags: depressing,  thought-provoking,  cult,  violence,  horror,  action,  romantic,  suspenseful, 

title: Mama
synopsis: A man kills several of his business partners and his estranged ex-wife, then runs away with his children: a young Victoria and baby Lilly. After speeding on a remote, snowy road, he crashes into the woods and takes the children to an abandoned cabin he wanders upon nearby. Realizing the mistakes he has made, he prepares to commit murder suicide but at the last moment is killed by a strange figure in the cabin. Victoria looks at the figure but only sees a blur as her glasses were broken in the crash.Five years later, their Uncle Lucas (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) and his girlfriend Annabel (Jessica Chastain) have been madly searching for his brother and nieces using the inheritance of his brother. The searchers stumble upon the crashed car and find the two children in the cabin. In this time, they have become completely like animals, with Victoria physically shielding Lilly in a defensive stance to the intruders. They are put under the care of a psychiatrist, Dr. Dreyfuss. There is a legal dispute over custody of the children between Lucas and a rich aunt on the childrens' mother's side, while the court questions the ability of Lucas and Annabel to raise the children in a small apartment with little income given their special needs. Dr. Dreyfuss agrees to recommend Lucas and Annabel as the childrens' legal guardians as long as they agree to move into a special home used to perform case studies, knowing that he would not be able to monitor their progress if their aunt, who lives on the other side of the country, were to obtain custody.It quickly becomes apparent that the strange figure, who the children repeatedly refer to as Mama, is in the new home with the children. Her history is given throughout the movie through a combination of dreams Anabelle has (induced by Mama), research by Dr. Dreyfuss, and conversations with Victoria. Mama was a former patient at a mental asylum in the 1800's; her appearance and simple actions imply she had Down Syndrome, though this is never officially stated. She breaks out of the asylum and stabs a nun who had taken Mama's baby (also named Lily) into her care then steals the baby back. Chased by the authorities, she ends up at the edge of a cliff overlooking the lake; seeing no other path, she jumps and hits a tree branch on the way down. While Mama fell into the lake, the baby (killed by the impact) was stuck to the tree trunk and was recovered by the pursuers. Mama becomes a ghost, twisted by the sad emotions of not knowing where her child is (she is unaware of why the baby was not in the lake with her). This causes her to take a form of physically being twisted, with body parts askew and many joints bending the wrong way. She searched the woods for centuries trying to find her baby, until she stumbled upon Victoria and Lily about to be killed in the cabin, and began taking care of the children as her own.Mama's presence is generally signaled by black butterflies and electrical problems. She plays with the children but hides from sight of anyone else; Victoria always takes off her glasses when she looks at Mama and tells Dr. Dreyfuss she won't come where she can be seen. Early in the movie, Lucas is pushed down the stairs by Mama and ends up in a coma. This forces Annabel, who does not want the children, to take care of them. Over time, Victoria becomes more like a normal child, but Lilly retains her animalistic nature; this is attributed to the fact that Victoria was older and thus had socially developed before their abandonment in the woods. Over time, Annabel becomes attached to the children, and later, Victoria begins to prefer her over Mama, but Lilly still remains completely loyal to Mama. Annabel becomes aware there is something wrong and that Mama may indeed be real. Victoria worries for her safety, saying Mama gets very jealous.Dr. Dreyfuss begins to believe the stories of Mama, first because Victoria is able to tell stories with information she shouldn't be able to know, and later because he actually sees Mama. In the course of the investigation, he obtains custody of the corpse of Mama's baby. Dr. Dreyfuss comes to believe that Mama is located in the cabin in the woods and goes to investigate but is killed by Mama there. The aunt believes Annabel is abusing the children (due to bruises Lilly has from her animalistic tendencies) and begins to spy on the house for proof. Lucas has a dream induced by his dead brother while in a coma, asking him to save his children and pointing him to a location in the woods. Annabel visits Dr. Dreyfuss's office after another supernatural night at the house but finds out he is missing; she steals his objects related to the case. At this point, she learns of the aspects of the case which the doctor had found out about and finds the baby's corpse. At the same time, Mama becomes angry and attacks the children and Annabel; Victoria tries hard to defend Annabel and pleads for Mama to stop, but Lilly is still clearly loyal to Mama. Annabel is knocked out, but at the last moment the aunt breaks into the house and has her body possessed by Mama. Mama uses this body to take the children to the cabin.Annabel wakes up, grabs the baby's corpse, and drives to the lake, finding Lucas along the way, who has left the hospital and gone to the site his brother told him about in his coma dream. They arrive at the cabin, finding the aunt's corpse but neither Lilly nor Victoria. Annabel sees the cliff that Mama had originally jumped from; remembering the warning that ghosts are twisted souls doomed to repeat their mistakes, she realizes Mama's intentions to jump off the cliff with the children. Lucas and Annabel arrive in time to stop the children from jumping, but Mama attacks them. The assault is stopped when Mama finds her baby's corpse, begins crying, and prepares to jump off the cliff with it, her twisted appearance reverting to a more human one. However, as they are leaving, Lilly shouts to Mama and she regains her twisted appearance and attacks again, knocking out Lucas. She grabs the kids and walks to the edge of the cliff. Annabel tries desparately to stop Mama, eventually beaten to the point that she can only hold onto Victoria. Once at the edge of the cliff, Victoria tries to convince Lilly not to go, and Lilly cries that Lilly, Victoria, and Mama should all be together. Mama jumps off the cliff with just Lilly, and upon hitting the branch, Mama and Lilly turn into a shower of butterflies. The movie ends with Victoria realizing that one of the butterflies watching over her is in fact Lilly, perhaps referencing a ghostly regret of Victoria not going with her.
tags: paranormal,  suspenseful,  horror,  haunting, 

title: Inferno
synopsis: Rose Elliot (Irene Miracle), a poet living alone in New York City, discovers an ancient book called The Three Mothers. It tells of the existence of three evil sisters who rule the world with sorrow, tears, and darkness. The book, written by an architect named Varelli, reveals that the three dwell inside separate homes that had been specially designed and built for them by the architect in Rome, Freiburg, and New York. Rose suspects that she is living in one of the buildings and writes to her brother Mark (Leigh McCloskey), a music student in Rome, urging him to visit her. Using clues provided in Varelli's book as a guide, Rose searches the cellar of her building and discovers a hole in the floor which leads to a water-filled ballroom. After accidentally dropping her keys into the water, she enters the flooded room. Swimming under the surface, she sees a portrait bearing the words Mater Tenebrarum and is able to reclaim the keys. A putrid corpse suddenly rises from the depths, frightening her. She escapes, although a shadowy figure watches her leave the basement.In Rome, Mark attempts to read Rose's letter during class. He is distracted by the intense gaze of a beautiful student (Ania Pieroni). When the class ends she leaves suddenly; Mark follows, leaving the letter behind. His friend Sara (Eleonora Giorgi) picks up the letter, and eventually reads it. Horrified by the letter's contents, she takes a taxi to a library and locates a copy of The Three Mothers. While looking for an exit, Sara is attacked by a monstrous figure who recognizes the book. She throws the book to the ground and escapes. Later that night, she seeks the company of a neighbor named Carlo (Gabriele Lavia) and both are stabbed to death by a gloved killer. Mark discovers the bodies and two torn fragments from Rose's letter. After the police arrive, he walks out of Sara's apartment and sees a taxi slowly driving by. In it is the music student, staring at him intently once again.Mark telephones Rose but is unable to hear her clearly. He promises to visit just before the connection fails. Cut off, Rose sees two shadowy figures preparing to enter her apartment. She leaves through a back door, but is followed. In a decrepit room, she is grabbed from behind by a clawed assailant and brutally murdered.Upon arriving in New York, Mark meets some of the residents of Rose's building, including a nurse (Veronica Lazar) who is caring for the elderly Professor Arnold (Feodor Chaliapin, Jr.), a wheelchair-bound mute. Mark learns from the sickly Countess Elise (Daria Nicolodi) that Rose has disappeared. Elise explains how Rose had been acting strangely. After the two find blood on the carpet outside Rose's room, Mark follows the stains. He suddenly becomes ill and falls unconscious. Elise sees a black-robed figure dragging Mark away, but the figure suddenly stops and gives chase to Elise. She is attacked by dozens of cats, who bite and claw at her flesh. The hooded figure then stabs her to death. Mark staggers to the house's foyer where the nurse and caretaker (Alida Valli) put him to bed.The next day, Mark asks Kazanian (Sacha Pitoëff), the antique dealer who sold Rose the Three Mothers book, about Rose. However, the man provides no information. That night, Kazanian drowns several cats in a Central Park pond and accidentally falls into the water. Hundreds of rats from a nearby drain crawl all over him, gnawing his flesh. A hot dog vendor hears Kazanian's cries and rushes over. The man kills Kazanian with a knife.Carol, the caretaker, discovers the horribly mutilated corpse of Elise's butler (Leopoldo Mastelloni) in the Countess' apartment. Shocked, she drops a lit candle which starts a fire. Attempting to put out the flames, she becomes entangled in burning draperies and falls from a window to her death.Meanwhile, Mark uses a clue from Rose's letter to discover that beneath each floor is a secret crawl space. He follows the hidden passages to a suite of rooms where he finds Professor Arnold. The old man reveals, via a mechanical voice generator, that he is in fact Varelli. He tries to kill Mark with a hypodermic injection. During the struggle, Varelli's neck becomes caught in his vocal apparatus, choking him. Mark frees him, only to be told by the dying man, Even now you are being watched. Mark follows a shadowy figure watching him from the doorway to a lavishly furnished chamber, where he finds Varelli's nurse. Laughing maniacally, she explains to him with growing intensity that she is Mater Tenebrarum. She suddenly transforms into Death Personified. However, the fire that has consumed much of the building enables Mark's escape from the witch's den. As the structural integrity of Tenebrarum's home fails, debris crashes down on the fiend, destroying her.
tags: dark,  gothic,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Dracula
synopsis: It is the year 1462. Constantinople has fallen to invading Turks. Prince Dracula [Gary Oldman] must leave his bride Elizabeta [Winona Ryder] to do battle against the Turks. A ferocious and pitched battle occurs and Dracula's counteroffensive is a success and he leaves many in the Turk army alive and impaled on long spears on the battlefield. The Turks, seeking vengeance, send a message to Dracula's castle falsely announcing that the warlord has been killed in battle. Elizabeta flings herself into the river below. Because she committed suicide, the Bishop [Anthony Hopkins] proclaims her soul damned. Furious that God let his wife die while Dracula was defending His church, Dracula renounces God and the Church. He draws his sword and stabs the large cross on the dais of his chapel and it begins to bleed. Dracula drinks the blood flowing from the cross, proclaiming he will be reborn after his death with all the powers of darkness at his command.March 1897, England. Law clerk Jonathan Harker [Keanu Reeves] must travel to Transylvania to close the sale of 10 London properties being purchased by Count Dracula. Upon his return, Jonathan and fiancee Mina Murray [Winona Ryder] intend to be married. In Jonathan's absence, Mina goes to stay with her rich friend Lucy Westenra [Sadie Frost], who has just recently received three marriage proposals -- from Texan Quincey Morris [Bill Campbell], Dr Jack Seward [Richard E Grant], and Lord Arthur Holmwood [Cary Elwes] -- and she has decided to marry Arthur.Meanwhile, Jonathan has arrived at Castle Dracula following a strange carriage ride past blue flames and wolves. Even stranger is the Count himself. He never eats, sleeps all day, lives alone in a large castle in which most of the doors are locked, and crawls down the castle walls like a reptile. Jonathan has begun to have strange dreams about three women who try to seduce him. To Jonathan's further unease, the Count seems to be fascinated with a picture of Mina, who upon seeing her picture believes she is a reincarnation of Elizabeta, has forced Jonathan to write letters saying that he will be staying with the Count for another month. Meanwhile, the Count is preparing for his trip to England by having his mindless servants fill large crates with dirt from the grounds around the castle.July, 1897. Jonathan has been missing for over three months, and Mina is sick with worry, while Lucy is involved with planning for her wedding. But Lucy is not without worries either. A particularly violent summer storm has recently washed a ship of dead sailors upon the beach, and shortly thereafter Lucy has begun her old habit of sleepwalking. Each time she sleepwalks, she returns bewildered and pale. Dr Seward, who has his hands full treating the fly-eating lunatic R M Renfield [Tom Waits] , has taken on Lucy as his patient. She shows all the signs of anemia, but Dr Seward can find no cause for it. Consequently, he has decided to send for a metaphysician, philosopher, and specialist in rare blood disorders, his old mentor Professor Abraham Van Helsing [Anthony Hopkins]. Upon his arrival, Van Helsing immediately begins a blood transfusion on Lucy and places garlic near her bed. When Lucy's suitors ask what could possibly have caused such extreme anemia, Van Helsing suggests that a supernatural force may have been stalking her. The others find it too fantastical to believe.Meanwhile, Mina has begun occupying herself with a dashingly dressed but mysterious man she met near the cinematograph. He introduced himself as Prince Vlad of Szekely, and Mina is strangely drawn to him, as though she knows him. He is easily able to seduce her in the theatre but she is snapped out of her hypnosis when a large wolf appears and terrorizes the theatre-goers. Mina is surprised moments later when she sees that Vlad is suddenly friendly with the wolf.Mina later receives news that Jonathan has been found and has suffered a violent brain fever and is being cared for by the sisters of the Blessed Sacrament, who bid her to come to Romania and be married to Jonathan. She realizes that she can no longer see her prince again. Mina says goodbye to Lucy, writes a note to Dracula, and sets sail for Romania. Dracula, heartbroken at losing Mina to Jonathan, takes Lucy as his bride instead, attacking her in her bed as the wolf and causing a violent explosion of blood that kills her.Lucy is dead, although Van Helsing knows that the correct term is 'undead,' for he can see the fangs in her mouth and knows that she is 'nosferatu.' He explains to Arthur, Jack, and Quincey that, to give Lucy's soul peace, they must cut off her head and take out her heart. They are horrified and think that Van Helsing is just a sick old coot, until they
spend a night in Lucy's tomb and find her returning with a child in her arms. Van Helsing is able to force Lucy to release the child and forces her back into her coffin with a crucifix. Due to his engagement to and love of Lucy, Holmwood is selected to drive a large stake through Lucy's heart while Van Helsing beheads her with a single blow. When the deed is done, they band together to seek out the Count and destroy him.Mina and Jonathan have returned to London, only to hear that Lucy has died. One night, they have dinner with Van Helsing, and Jonathan realizes that he knows Count Dracula and that he sleeps in Carfax Abbey. After securing Mina at Dr Seward's sanitarium, the five of them -- Van Helsing, Jonathan, Quincey, Jack, and Arthur -- pay a visit to the abbey in order to sterilize Dracula's earth-filled crates. Meanwhile Dracula is paying a visit to Mina. When she learns that her prince is actually the vampyre who killed Lucy, she becomes extremely upset, but not enough to resist wanting to be with him, to live how he lives. Dracula drinks from Mina, then opens a vein in his chest and bids her drink. However, he stops short after she has taken but a bit. 'I love you too much to condemn you,' he explains. Suddenly, Van Helsing et al burst in the room. They attempt to destroy Dracula, but he changes into hundreds of rats and scurries away.Dracula knows that he cannot stay in England any longer and books passage back to Transylvania via Varna. Mina and the men follow close behind. As Dracula is in mind contact with Mina, Van Helsing knows Dracula's plans but Dracula also seems to know theirs. Instead of sailing into Varna, Dracula diverts the ship 200 miles north and lands at Galatz, causing a change in plans such that Van Helsing and Mina take a carriage directly from Varna to the Borgo Pass while Jonathan, Quincey, Arthur, and Jack continue by train to Galatz where they secure horses and ride for the Borgo Pass, hoping to intercept the Count. They are unsuccessful. Dracula's gypsies picked up his box at Galatz and are now speeding down the Borgo Pass road, making the race closer than ever.Mina and Van Helsing are almost to the castle but decide to stop for the night. Hearing spirits from the surrounding area, Van Helsing casts a circle around Mina and protects her by burning her forehead with a blessed communion wafer. They stay inside the circle through the night while Dracula's three brides tempt Mina to join them, killing the horses from their carriage. The next morning, as Mina sleeps in the circle, Van Helsing visits the castle and beheads the vampiresses, throwing their severed heads into the gorge.Near sundown, the gypsy wagon bearing Dracula in his crate approaches the castle. Jonathan, Arthur, Quincey, and Jack are riding hard to catch up. Mina and Van Helsing wait inside the castle courtyard. Mina calls up a blue flame to protect Dracula. As the gypsy wagon enters the courtyard, a gypsy stabs Quincey in the back. Jonathan attempts to open Dracula's box, but the sun has set and Dracula bursts forth, his strength revived. At that very moment, however, Jonathan slits Dracula's neck and Quincey stabs Dracula through the heart with a sword. Mina screams. As Arthur races forward to finish Dracula, Harker stops him. 'Let them go,' he says. 'Our work is finished here; hers has just begun.'As Quincey dies, Mina sits with Dracula on the chapel floor inside the castle. She kisses him, and he begs her to give him peace. Out of love, she pushes the sword the rest of the way through Dracula's heart. The burn on her forehead disappears, the wound in the altar cross repairs itself and Dracula dies, his face becoming youthful again. Mina gives him his final release by cutting off his head. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tags: avant garde,  gothic,  cult,  violence,  horror,  good versus evil,  insanity,  romantic,  revenge, 

title: The Hangover
synopsis: The movie opens with Phil (Bradley Cooper) on the phone in the middle of the desert. He is calling the fiancee of his best friend Doug (Justin Bartha) and tells her that they messed up. We lost Doug. The fiancée, Tracy Garner (Sasha Barrese), freaks out because she and Doug are supposed to get married in 5 hours. That's not going to happen.Two days earlier, Doug and his soon-to-be brother-in-law Alan (Zach Galifianakis) are trying on tuxedos. Alan says it's OK if Doug doesn't bring him to the bachelor party tonight. Alan is severely socially inept but Doug makes it clear that he wants Alan to be there with him. Since they are going to be brothers soon, they have to look out for each other.Doug goes to talk to his future father-in-law, Sid Garner (Jeffery Tambor), and is given permission to take his Mercedes to Vegas for the bachelor party since Sid remembers what it was like to be a young man. Doug thanks him and promises that he will be the only one to drive the car that day. Doug and Alan then leave to pick up the others.Doug's best friend Phil is a high school teacher reminding one of his classes to pay 90 dollars for a field trip to an observatory, which they all promptly pay. Phil then removes the $3500 from their envelopes and puts them into an envelope marked Vegas. He grabs his bag, ignores a student and jumps into the Mercedes. The group then goes to get their last member.Stu (Ed Helms), a dentist, is at home arguing with his girlfriend, Melissa (Rachael Harris), about the bachelor party. Stu tells her that they are going to Napa Valley for a wine tasting. Melissa is convinced, however, that Phil will find a way to find a strip club. Melissa treats Stu very badly, but Stu takes it with a smile and tries to kiss her but she won't have any of it. The guys arrive and Stu leaves with them.The group drives to Las Vegas and check into Caesars Palace. They try to decide how to pay and Phil volunteers Stu's credit card as the main payment method. Stu flatly refuses, telling Phil that Melissa would see the charges and realize that they went to Vegas. Doug tells Stu that they'll sort out the payment when they check out. They go upstairs to get ready for their 1st night out. Stu tells Doug and Phil that he's going to propose to Melissa and use his grandmother's Holocaust ring as an engagement ring. While Doug congratulates Stu, Phil openly points out that Melissa is a controlling bitch. Stu and Phil get into an argument and Phil tells Stu that Melissa is clearly not a good person since she cheated on Stu when she slept with a bartender on a cruise. At that point, Alan comes in with a satchel and asks the guys if they're ready to let the dogs out.The four go to the roof and make a toast. Alan treats everyone to a shot of Jägermeister and then reads an awkward speech to the group telling them how the four of them are like a pack of wolves. Phil then tells the others that he's toasting them to a night they will never forget.Time passes as we see the night skyline of Las Vegas change slowly into the next morning.A woman walks out of the room carrying her stiletto heels. Stu comes to on the floor with blood on his shirt. Phil is sleeping on the floor and Alan wakes up on the couch. The room is a complete mess. A chair is horribly burned, statues litter the room, and there are a bunch of champagne bottles aligned as bowling pins. Alan goes to the bathroom and sees a live tiger. Phil wakes up when Alan steps on him and thinks that Alan is imagining things. He laughs at the fact that there is a tiger in the bathroom and tells Stu that his head hurts. Stu realizes that he's missing a tooth and Phil can't help but laugh. He stops once they realize Doug is nowhere to be found. They also note that Doug's mattress is missing. During their search, they hear a baby crying in the closet. They don't know whose baby it is but decide to take it with them to breakfast.At breakfast, Alan makes the baby pretend-masturbate for the guys and lovingly dubs him Carlos. Phil, Stu and Alan realize that they can't remember anything from the night before. They check their pockets for clues to what happened last night. Alan has Stu's tooth, Stu has a receipt for an $800 withdrawal at the Bellagio, and Phil has a hospital bracelet on his wrist. They decide to make the hospital their first stop.Outside the hotel, the trio waits for the valet to bring around their car. They notice a cleaning crew removing a mattress impaled on Caesar's statue on an upper level of the hotel. Phil notes that they must have had a wild night. The valet drives up, not in the Mercedes, but in a police car and gives Phil the keys. They drive off and head to the hospital to get a lead on where Doug is.The ER doctor tells them that Phil was admitted with a mild concussion and that Doug was with them when they visited. Phil bribes him for more information and the doctor tells him that they had just come from a wedding at a chapel a few blocks away. The doctor also tells Phil that he had high traces of ruphylin (referring to the date-rape drug known as roofies) in his system. Phil freaks out at the possibility of having been raped, but the doctor tells him he wasn't. The trio decides to head there.When they arrive at the chapel, they are greeted like family by the proprietor, Eddy. They can't remember why, but soon found out that Stu married a woman named Jade (Heather Graham) the night before and that everyone was present for the wedding. Stu freaks out a little, Phil looks into an annulment and Eddy gives them Jade's address.The trio head to the car and as they pull out, they are confronted by a pair of Asian gangsters demanding that the trio return someone they kidnapped. The gangsters pull out guns and threaten the trio before accidentally shooting Eddy in the shoulder. Phil drives the car out of the lot. They get to Jade's and find her on the phone freaking out because she couldn't find her baby, who turns out to be named Tyler. She sees Stu and is happy to see him but he freaks when he finds out that she's a stripper who works as an escort and he gave her his grandmother's Holocaust ring. The group is interrupted by the arrival of two police officers who arrest the trio for stealing their car.At the police station, Phil decides to call Tracy and tells her that they are enjoying Vegas so much they are staying an extra day. He doesn't tell her that they lost Doug and is forced to hang up when they are taken to the interrogation room. The two officers are angry that the trio stole their car and want to hold them over to be arraigned the following Monday. Phil explains the situation and then attempts to blackmail them into a deal (for losing track of their squad car), which backfires. The officers agree to let the guys off the hook but trick all three into being test subjects for a group of kids, demonstrating the effects of a Taser. The guys agree and weather the effects of being shocked by both the police and a couple of the kids, one of which is determined to get revenge on Alan when Alan kicked him lightly in the squad room.After the demonstration, the trio head over to recover the Mercedes that the police impounded. Stu is surprised that the car is in pristine condition and they then drive back toward the hotel to see if Doug went back. On the way they hear a knocking in the trunk and think that Doug is in the trunk of the car. They open it only to have a flamboyant and naked Asian man named Leslie Chow (Ken Jeong) jump out with a crowbar and attack them. After he runs off naked, Alan admits that he spiked their Jägermeister with the roofies, thinking they were Ecstasy pills. Stu flips out, but Phil plays it cool and the trio returns to the hotel.They are about to enter the hotel room when they remember the tiger. They cautiously open the door to find Mike Tyson and his bodyguard in the room. Tyson is singing In the Air Tonight by Phil Collins, getting the guys to join in before knocking Alan out cold. It turns out the tiger belonged to Tyson and the reason they were able to find the hotel room was because they found Doug's jacket and room key in the tiger cage. The trio are terrified because Tyson implies that the tiger may have eaten Doug. Tyson gives them an hour to bring the tiger back to his house. Alan puts five roofies into a raw steak in order to knock out the tiger, and two hours later they cart the tiger into the Mercedes.While driving to Tyson's mansion, the tiger wakes up and scratches Phil's neck. The trio gets out of the car and pushes it the last mile of the way while the tiger chews up the interior of the car. Upon arriving at the mansion, Tyson shows them a security tape of them stealing the tiger and Alan urinating into Tyson's grotto pond. Doug was with them and they put it into a police car but not before Phil screamed, Look, I'm raping Tyson's tiger and pantomiming having sex with the animal. Tyson asks where they got the cop car, and gives them props when they tell him they stole it. With no further leads, the group heads back to the hotel.On the way to the hotel, Chow and his men crash their car into the Mercedes and force it into a pole. They tell Phil that he kidnapped Chow, calling him my lucky charm and that he wanted to take Chow home with them. The gangsters also noticed that Alan took Chow's purse (which resembles Alan's satchel) with him and that the satchel Chow carried had $80,000 worth of Bellagio casino chips. Phil says they'll return the money, and Chow gives them until sunrise to get it to them and shows them that he has Doug in his SUV with a hood over his face.The gang returns to the hotel and can't find the satchel. They call Jade and let Alan try counting cards in order to win back the $80,000. Alan is a success and they make over $82,000. Just as the security men are about to move in on them for card counting, Jade fakes an accident and Alan and Phil get away. The group drives to the meeting point to make the exchange. They give Chow $80,000 in cash and Chow gives them Doug. Unfortunately, it's the wrong Doug. The Doug that Chow's gangster kidnapped (Mike Epps), who is African American, turns out to be the man who sold Alan the bad Ecstasy. Phil gets mad and tells Chow to give them back their money and to take Black Doug with him. Chow refuses and drives away.Phil decides that it is time to end the charade and tell Tracy what happened. We hear the opening play in the background as Black Doug, Stu and Alan discuss the reasoning behind the name roofies. Stu then realizes that they put Doug on the roof of Caesars Palace as a joke but forgot him and locked him up there. The mattress on the statue of Caesar was thrown there by Doug while trying to signal for help. Stu immediately tackles Phil and takes the phone away from him. He tells Tracy that Phil is drunk and that they are heading back now with Doug.The trio race to the hotel and find Doug sunburned and huddling for shade on the roof. Doug attacks Phil when Phil tells him that he is going to miss his own wedding. The group checks out and races to the now ruined Mercedes. Stu and Jade have a heart-to-heart talk and Jade tells him she knows the marriage was a mistake and gives him back his ring. Stu asks her if she wants to go on a date next weekend and she agrees. She also tells him that the reason Stu is missing a tooth is because Alan told him that he wasn't a good enough dentist if he couldn't remove his own tooth. Doug pulls out the missing satchel with Chow's $80,000 in casino chips. It had been left with him on the roof.Phil speeds down the highway on the way to the wedding. A tuxedo shop van drives up and tosses them four tuxedos that they ordered via phone. The group arrive at the wedding a few minutes late. Tracy walks down the aisle with Sid and asks Doug what happened. He explains what happened and tells her it will never happen again as long as they are married. Tracy forgives him and the two get married.Phil is happy to see his wife and son at the reception and spends the evening happy to be home. Alan and Stu are drinking at the bar when Melissa shows up. Melissa is mad that Stu didn't call at all and ignored her calls. She flips out when she sees he's missing a tooth. Stu finally can't take it anymore and flips out on her. She asks him when their relationship stopped working and Stu loudly announces that it was over when she had sex with the sailor on the cruise. Phil smiles proudly while Doug and Tracy look on in shock. Alan corrects him by saying it was a bartender, and Stu laughs. He tells Alan that they should go dance, which they do. Afterwards, Alan hits on Melissa and gets shot down.The guys are all gathered on the patio when Alan walks up with Stu's camera he found lodged in the backseat of the car; it contains photos of their adventures and mishaps in Las Vegas. They decide to look at the photos once and then delete the evidence.During the credits, the pictures are shown:* A bunch of photos with Phil, Doug, Alan and Stu hanging out with strippers
* Stu and Jade hooking up at the strip club.
* Chow, Alan and Phil gambling
* Phil and Doug doing cocaine with Carrot Top
* Doug posing in front of Tyson's mansion with the stolen police car and the officer's shotgun
* Tyson asleep next to a blonde
* Alan asleep next to Tyson and a blonde
* Alan firing a shotgun at the statue at Caesars Palace
* Doug asleep on the roof
* Alan pretending to rape Doug
* Alan getting a blow job from a hotel maid
* Stu and Jade's wedding
* Stu ripping his tooth out of his mouth with pliers and the aftermath
* The guys together before the night began.
tags: comedy,  horror,  flashback,  absurd,  humor,  entertaining, 

title: The Prowler
synopsis: It is the end of the second World War and newsreel footage shows us the troops returning from Europe onboard the Queen Mary.In a letter dated March 12, 1945 and sent to her lover abroad, a woman named Rosemary writes that she can no longer wait for him. She tells him that so much has happened and that perhaps they can be friends upon his return.On the evening of June 28, 1945 in the small seaside New Jersey town of Avalon Bay, the townspeople hold it's graduation dance. G.I.s escort their girlfriends to the ball. Inside, the class of '45 are swinging to the orchestra's music.Rosemary (Joy Glaccum) is attending with her new boyfriend Roy (Timothy Wahrer). The two decide to go off by themselves and drive to a lake where they spend some romantic time together in a gazebo. Lights are strung up around the gazebo and along the small nearby walk-bridge. Ominously, someone approaches the couple and cuts the power. The stranger is wearing full combat gear and carrying a pitchfork. As Rosemary and Roy embrace, she looks up and sees the pitchfork over them. Rosemary screams and the stranger plunges it through the both of them...and then leaves a long-stemmed red rose in the dead woman's hand. The revelers are oblivious back at the dance.35 years later. The town prepares for its graduation dance once again. There hasn't been one since that fateful night. Pam MacDonald (Vicky Dawson) stops by to see Sheriff George Fraser (Farley Granger) and they discuss the event. The discussion turns to the invalid Major Chatham (Lawrence Tierney), a fellow World War II veteran, over his refusal to allow the annual celebrations after the murders all those years ago. Sheriff Fraser tells Pam that someone has robbed a store in the nearby town of Columbus and then cut up a kid and took his car.Authorities there are afraid the killer is headed towards Avalon. Despite that possibility, the sheriff is leaving town to go fishing. He puts Mark London (Christopher Goutman), his deputy, in charge. Before Sheriff Fraser takes off, he stops by a convenience store owned by Pat Kingsley (John Seitz). One of the employees is Otto (Bill Hugh Collins), a strange slow fellow whom the sheriff seems to mistrust.Pam and Mark have an attraction for each other and go on a lunch date. She shows him an article she wrote about the return of the graduation dance and tells Mark she's concerned about his safety. Pam also tells her roommate Sherry (Lisa Dunsheath) that she's worried about the Columbus killer. Sherry tries to calm her friend's nerves while the other girls in the dormitory are excitedly preparing for the dance. Lisa (Cindy Weintraub) even flashes Major Chatham, who's sitting in his wheelchair in the house across from them.As Pam is putting the finishing touches on her outfit, someone else is getting ready too. But this person is putting on a military combat uniform, complete with a bayonet, hunting knife, and a sawed-off double-barrelled 12-gauge shotgun.Sherry gets into the shower, and before Pam heads out, she asks Sherry if she should wait. Sherry tells her to leave because she's waiting for her boyfriend Carl (David Sederholm). When Carl shows up, he surprises Sherry in the shower. Hoping to have a little fun before they leave, he goes into the bedroom to undress. Suddenly, an intruder grabs him from behind and plunges the bayonet through Carl's head until the other end comes out of his neck. The force is so great that the victim's eyes roll back into his head. Sherry is still in the shower when she sees someone through the curtain approaching. She thinks it's Carl... until the killer (wearing a military helmet and with a gas mask covering his face) pulls the curtain open and is holding a pitchfork. As Sherry screams, he lunges it under her breasts. He then lifts her up as he sticks the pitchfork in further killing her.At the party, Pam is happy to see Mark when he arrives. But before she can talk to him, Lisa pulls him away to dance. Pam stands by the cocktails, frustrated and annoyed. When Mark comes over to talk to her, Lisa follows him. Tipsy from the alcohol, she knocks into him and he spills some liquor on Pam's dress. Pam is furious and heads back to the dorm to change her outfit.When Pam gets to her room, she hears the shower running. Still thinking that Sherry is in the shower, she closes the door. Little does she know that Sherry is dead and that the killer is still in the bathroom. The room is dark enough that she doesn't see Carl's blood on the bed. She changes and then leaves. But as she's going down the stairs, she hears something. Pam looks up at the top of the stairs and sees a dark figure... what looks like a G.I. wearing a gas mask. She gets creeped out and runs through the dorm.There's no one around and just as the killer comes near her, Pam makes it outside. She knocks right into Major Chatham in his wheelchair, who grabs her arm. She breaks free and finds Mark. When she tells him that someone has been chasing her, he takes his flashlight and searches around the dorm. Mark doesn't find anything besides wheelchair marks on the ground which lead to the sidewalk.He returns to his car where Pam is waiting for him - and she tells him to check the dorm because Sherry and Carl are still in there. Mark goes inside and towards the bedroom but the door is locked. He doesn't see that there are two dead bodies in the tub.Pam and Mark go to Major Chatham's house. It's dark and the old man is nowhere to be found. The killer is in the house and he watches them from an upstairs window. During their search, Pam finds an old scrapbook and discovers that Chatham's dead daughter's middle name was Rosemary. She was the girl killed 35 years ago.The two then go back to the dance, where they tell Miss Allison (Donna Davis) about the prowler on the campus. The teacher tells the students they should stay put and not go out until the person has been apprehended. That message comes too late for Lisa.Angry that her date Paul has been puking in the bathroom, she's gone to the pool for a late night swim. After doing a few laps, Lisa ascends the stairs of the pool to go back to the party. The killer is standing above her and kicks her in the face. Shocked by the attack, Lisa tries to swim away but is unable to get her bearings. The killer then jumps into the pool, comes up from behind her, takes his bayonet... and slices her neck. Her body falls lifelessly to the bottom of the pool.Paul wants to leave the dance and find Lisa but the teachers won't let him. He's so drunk and rowdy that he gets thrown out. Mark and Pam take him to the police station house, where Mark puts him in a jail cell.Meanwhile, Mr. Kingsley organizes an armed posse of several men to search the neighborhood for the prowler. Otto is given a rifle and invited to come along with them.Told that the local cemetery has been desecrated, Mark and Pam head out to see what's happened. When they get there, they find Rosemary Chatham's grave dug up. They open the coffin and find Lisa's body in it.Meanwhile, Miss Allison has left to see if she can find Lisa. She sees blood in the pool and panics. As she tries to run away, the killer grabs her and thrusts the bayonet into her neck.Mark tries to reach Sheriff Fraser at the lodge he's staying at but can't get in touch with him when the overweight and lazy front desk clerk refuses to place a call to his cabin, claiming that the sheriff is not there. Before heading back to Major Chatham's house, Mark tries to drop Pam off at the dance. She refuses and insists on going with him. When they get to Major Chatham's house, Mark leaves her for a moment and is knocked unconscious by the killer.Pam spies a necklace dangling from inside the fireplace and tries to pull it out. Still in her graduation dance dress, Rosemary's skeleton falls out of the chimney. Pam tries to find Mark but is confronted by the killer. She runs through the house trying to get away and hides under a bed. The madman is now in the same room. Pam makes every attempt to be still... even as a rat comes near her. Finally, Pam gets up and runs out of the room. She manages to get the pitchfork away from the killer and holds it up for protection as he comes near her.Just then, Otto, the clerk from Kingsley's convenience store, enters the room and shoots the prowler with his hunting rifle. Seconds later, the killer takes out his double-barreled shotgun and shoots Otto in the chest who falls dead. As the killer reloads the shotgun to shoot Pam, she stabs the prowler in the back with the pitchfork and they struggle for the shotgun. The wounded murderer pulls his mask off and Pam is horrified to see who it is. It's been Sheriff Fraser all along. Pam gets the upper hand, points the shotgun at his head and fires... exploding it to bits.The next morning, Pam returns to the dorm, she goes into the bathroom in her bedroom and opens the shower door. The shower is still running and Sherry's body is still on the floor of the tub and Carl is hanging from the shower head by his tie. Suddenly, Carl's corpse reaches out to grab her. She screams and the screen cuts to black.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  romantic,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: The Exorcist
synopsis: Father Lancaster Merrin (Max Von Sydow) is an elderly Catholic priest on an archeological dig in Iraq. Merrin has a sense of foreboding and encounters a number of strange omens, including the unearthing of a series of confusing items, a near miss with a runaway horse drawn carriage, and a clock that stops ticking in mid-stroke. Finally, Merrin discovers a statue of a bizarre demonic figure; although the film does not mention it, it is a representation of a demonic figure known as Pazuzu.Back in the United States, in Washington D.C.'s upscale Georgetown neighborhood, a successful actress named Chris McNeil (Ellen Burstyn) begins experiencing strange phenomena. Chris lives with her twelve-year-old daughter Regan (Linda Blair), her personal assistant Sharon (Kitty Wynn), and two housekeepers. Regan's father is estranged for reasons unknown. There are mysterious, unexplained sounds in the attic of the house, which Chris attributes to rats. Regan slowly begins to exhibit strange behavior, undergoing behavioral changes much like depression and anxiety. She turns up in Chris's bed one night, complaining that her own bed was shaking.Chris is working on a new movie in Georgetown with a director known as Burke Dennings (Jack MacGowran). While filming a scene one day, she notices a young Catholic priest watching her; his name is Damien Karras (Jason Miller). Father Karras has a background in psychology and counsels parishoners at a nearby church; Chris also notices him while walking home from the shoot one day.Karras is a thoughtful, conflicted man. He discusses his vocation with a superior and asks to be transferred because he feels he is losing his faith. He also has an elderly mother who lives alone in a slum in New York; he visits her and is reminded of how lonely her life is, and he feels guilty that she has to live in such poor surroundings.The strange occurrences in the McNeil house begin to increase. Regan reveals that she has been playing with a Ouija board and claims that she has the ability to communicate with a spiritual entity all by herself. A nearby Catholic church is desecrated, a statue of the Virgin Mary painted crudely and adorned with conical clay additions made to resemble breasts and a penis. Regan also works with clay and paint, making small animal sculptures.Meanwhile, Father Karras's mother falls ill and, due to a lack of funds, she is placed in a very shabby hospital and resigned to a ward full of mental patients. Father Karras is distraught when he visits her and she seems to blame him for her situation. Later, she passes away under these conditions, adding to his sorrow.Chris has an elaborate party at her home with a number of affluent guests. One of her guests is another Jesuit named Father Dyer (Rev. William O'Malley), and Chris asks him about Karras, having noticed him and referring to him as intense. She finds that Karras and Dyer are good friends. During the party, Regan appears happy and social, but she reappears after being sent to bed, dressed in her nightgown and urinates on the carpet in front of the guests while making an ominous statement to a prominent astronaut (You're gonna die up there). After the guests leave, Chris bathes Regan and puts her to bed, but is startled by a loud sound from Regan's bedroom. She rushes back down the hall and discovers Regan's bed shaking violently, rising up off the floor with Regan on it. Chris jumps on the bed and it still levitates.Chris subjects Regan to a series of medical tests to discover what the problem is. The doctors are unable to discover anything, despite putting Regan through some grueling, painful procedures. The best they can come up with is that Regan may have a lesion on her brain, but ultimately they are frustrated when nothing appears on her brain scan. At Chris's house, Regan suffers what appears to be a seizure, and two doctors visit to assist. They find her rising and falling up and down on the bed in a way that seems impossible for a human being. When they try to sedate her, she hurls them across the room with abnormal strength, speaking to them in what seems to be a male voice: Keep away! The sow is mine! Eventually they sedate her.Out of options, they advise Chris to search for a psychiatrist, but they also reluctantly discuss another possibility: they mention the phenomenon of demonic possession and the rite of exorcism. While they seem to hold professional contempt for it, they do admit that it has been known to solve problems such as what Regan is going through. Chris is skeptical, having no real religious affiliation of her own.The situation worsens when Chris is out one evening; she returns to find the house deserted except for Regan, who is alone in her bedroom and appears to be in deep sleep. The bedroom is freezing cold, the window standing wide open, and she is uncovered. Sharon returns and Chris is furious with her for leaving Regan unattended, but Sharon explains that she left Regan in the care of Burke, who was visiting the house, while she went to the pharmacy to get Regan's medication. Burke's absence is unexplained until the doorbell rings and an associate of Chris's breaks the news that Burke has just died on the steps outside Chris's house.Shortly after this, Chris is visited by a kindly detective named Kinderman (Lee J. Cobb), who seems suspicious of Burke's death. He questions Chris about the events of that evening, and Chris is nervous, hesitant to tell him about Regan's problem. While he is visiting, he notices a few small animal figures that Regan has crafted; they are similar in style to the desecration of the statue in the church. Kinderman leaves and immediately a violent disturbance comes from Regan's bedroom. Chris hears a deep male voice bellowing at Regan to do it, and Regan screaming in protest. In the bedroom, Chris finds Regan plunging a crucifix violently into her vagina. When Chris tries to stop her, Regan assaults her with impossible strength, and furniture around the room starts to move on its own. As Chris watches in horror, her daughter's head turns completely around backwards, and she speaks to Chris in Burke's voice, saying to her Do you know what she did? Your cunting daughter?? Chris then realizes that Regan is responsible for Burke's death.Desperate, Chris arranges to meet with Father Karras, and when she mentions the notion of exorcism, Karras is almost amused. He tells her that exorcism is nearly unheard of, and that he doesn't know anybody who has ever performed one. Chris is distraught and convinces him to meet with Regan anyway. Karras is shocked by the girl's appearance; she is tied to the headboard of her bed, her face misshapen and covered in lesions, her voice deep and gravelly. Regan announces that she's the devil, and toys with Karras in a number of ways, seeming to make a drawer next to the bed open all by itself, then speaking to Karras in a number of languages. She also conjures up the voice of a subway vagrant that Karras has encountered alone earlier. Karras remains unconvinced, and when Regan claims Your mother's in here with us, Karras asks her what his mother's maiden name is. Unable to answer, Regan vomits spectacularly all over him.Chris cleans Karras's sweater and discusses Regan with him. Karras is still not convinced that Regan is possessed, especially because Regan says she's the devil, and he recommends psychiatric care for her. Chris pleads with him to help her obtain an exorcism, swearing that the thing in the bed upstairs is not her daughter.While Karras thinks it over, he is approached by Kinderman, who questions him about the fact that the desecration of the church could be connected to Burke's death; what he was unable to tell Chris was that Burke's body was found with his head turned completely around backwards, and the police department considers it a homicide. Kinderman knows that Karras suspects something unusual about the McNeil house, but his confidentiality as a priest prevents him from discussing it with Kinderman.Karras visits Regan again and records their conversation, during which he sprinkles Regan with water. He tells her it is holy water and she begins to writhe in pain, seemingly going into a trance and speaking in a strange language. Later he tells Chris that it will be difficult to make a case with the Bishop for possession; the water he sprinkled on Regan was simply tap water, and was not blessed. The Bishop, and Karras himself, would consider Regan to be mentally ill and not possessed. Chris confides in Karras and tells him that Regan was the one who killed Burke Dennings. Later, Karras uses his tape recordings of Regan's seemingly incomprehensible babble to discover that she is really speaking backwards, in English. A phone call from Sharon interrupts him; she summons him to the house to see Regan, not wanting Chris to see that's happening: as they look at Regan's unconscious body, the words help me begin to materialize on her stomach, rising up in her skin like scar tissue.Karras reluctantly agrees to try and get an exorcism for Regan, although he seems to have more in common with the doctors who recommended it as a form of shock therapy. The church calls in Father Merrin to perform the exorcism, with Karras assisting. Merrin has performed exorcisms in the past, including a difficult one that nearly killed him, according to the Bishop. When Merrin arrives at the McNeil house, Regan bellows his name from upstairs, as if she knows him, and she makes strange animal sounds. He warns Karras about conversing with the demon, and reminds him that the demon will mix lies with the truth to confuse and attack them.When they enter Regan's bedroom, she immediately begins with a string of obscenities. Merrin and Karras recite the ritual of exorcism and Regan manifests strange phenomena such as levitation, telekinesis, an abnormally long tongue, and strange vomiting. She constantly curses the priests and emits evil laughter and verbal abuse. Regan begins to talk to Karras in the voice of his mother, and he starts to break down. Merrin sends him away; when he returns, he finds Merrin dead on the floor, the victim of a heart attack. Regan cackles gleefully, infuriating Karras, who grabs her and shouts at the demon, Come into me! Take me! The transference works almost immediately; Karras begins to transform and Regan returns to her normal self. Before Karras can harm her, his normal personality breaks through for a split second and he commits suicide, hurling himself out Regan's window. Just as Burke did, he tumbles down the stairs outside Regan's window and lays dying in the street below. By chance, Father Dyer happens upon the scene and administers the last rites to his friend.In a brief epilogue, we see Chris and Regan as they prepare to leave the house in Georgetown. They are visited by Father Dyer. Chris speaks with him privately and tells him that Regan doesn't remember anything about the possession or the exorcism. Regan then appears and greets him cheerfully, transfixed by Father Dyer's white collar. Before they leave, she suddenly hugs Father Dyer and kisses him. As Chris pulls away in their car, she orders the driver to stop for a moment and gives Father Dyer the religious medallion that belonged to Father Karras; in their struggle, Regan had torn it from his body and it was in her bedroom all along.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  tragedy,  sadist, 

title: The Last House on the Left
synopsis: Mari Collingwood (Sandra Cassel) plans to celebrate her 17th birthday by attending a rock concert in New York City with her friend, Phyllis Stone (Lucy Grantham). Her parents express concern both at the band Bloodlust and Mari's friendship with Phyllis, who is implied to be of a lower social class. They let her go, however, and give her a gift before she leaves: a peace symbol necklace.On the way to the city, Mari and Phyllis hear a radio report of a recent prison break, involving violent criminals by the names of Krug Stillo (David A. Hess), his drug-addicted teenage son Junior (Marc Sheffler), Krug's slutish bisexual girlfriend Sadie (Jeramie Rain) and Krug's cousin and partner-in-crime Fred Weasel Podowski (Fred J. Lincoln). Upon arrival in the city, Mari and Phyllis stroll the streets, seeking someone who might sell marijuana. Eventually, they run into Junior, who leads them back to Sadie's apartment, where the two teenage girls are immediately entrapped by the criminals. Phyllis, who resists, is punched in the stomach and gang raped by Krug and Weasel, as Mari watches in horror. Mari's parents, meanwhile, prepare a surprise party for her.The next morning, the girls are locked in a car trunk and driven to the countryside as the gang intends to leave the state. The villains' vehicle breaks down right in front of Mari's house while the cops are talking to Mari's parents about her disappearance. Unable to get their car fixed, they drag the kidnapped girls into the woods. Removed from the trunk, Phyllis is beaten after biting Krug's hand. Mari, bound and gagged, realizes that they are coincidentally right near her own home. As she is helplessly dragged to the woods, her parents sit inside with two bumbling local police officers who assure them that Mari is probably fine. The officers disregard the gang's broken-down car when driving back to the police station.In the woods, the girls are untied and subjected to several tortures, including Phyllis forced to urinate into her own jeans, then stripping herself completely naked followed by stripping Mari completely naked as the gang watches.At the police station, the bumbling police officers eventually realize their mistake in disregarding the car in front of the Collingwoods' home and quickly set out. Their car breaks down en route, however, and the cops unsuccessfully try to hitch a ride with a group of hippies and a Mammy chicken farmer.After Phyllis and Mari are forced to have sex with each other, Sadie molests Mari. Phyllis whispers to Mari she will make a break for it to distract the kidnappers and thus, offer Mari an opportunity to escape. Phyllis takes off, chased by Sadie and Weasel, while Junior stays behind to guard Mari, who makes a desperate attempt to convince the troubled addict that he doesn't need to listen to his abusive father because Dr. Collingwood, her father, can help him instead. She also gives him her peace symbol necklace as a symbol of her trust. Meanwhile, Phyllis is eventually cornered at a cemetery, where Weasel stabs her in the back. The defeated Phyllis attempts to crawl away, but the gang inevitably catches up with her and repeatedly stab and disembowel her.Mari eventually convinces Junior to let her go, though their timing is too late, as they are immediately halted by Krug. He presents Phyllis' severed hand and proceeds to carve his name into Mari's chest before sexually violating her. Following this act, Mari, sick from the shock of being raped, vomits and then walks in a daze over to the nearby lake. Krug shoots at Mari and her body floats on the top of the lake. Seemingly shocked by their own actions that has led to the death of their two hostages, Krug, Junior, Sadie and Weasel wash up and change out of their bloody clothes.In their formal new attire, the gang shows up at the Collingwoods' home, masquerading as traveling salesmen. Mari's parents agree to let them stay overnight. However, Junior exposes their identity, when his heroin withdrawal symptoms cause him to end up vomiting in the bathroom, where Mari's mother, Estelle, sees Mari's peace symbol necklace dangling around his neck. Later that night she listens in on the gang while they are spending the night in Mari's bedroom and finds blood-soaked clothing in their luggage. She and Dr. Collingwood rush out into the woods, where the couple finds Mari's body by the lake, still barely breathing, and place it on their couch for consolement.Outside, Estelle has duped Weasel into a sex game, which concludes with her biting off the criminal's genitals. Weasel collapses in agony. Inside the house, Dr. Collingwood carries his shotgun into his daughter's bedroom, where two of the criminals are sleeping. Krug turns out the lights, and gets gazed on the arm by the shotgun blast. Krug escapes into the living room and overpowers the doctor, but the criminal is then confronted by his own son, who now brandishes a firearm. Junior threatens to kill his father. However, Krug psychologically manipulates the already troubled young man, and Junior commits suicide with the weapon. As soon as Krug notices that Dr. Collingwood is missing, the doctor runs into the basement and attacks Krug with a chainsaw.Dr. Collingwood continues approaching Krug with the chainsaw, as the sheriff arrives and pleads with the doctor not to go through with it. Dr. Collingwood murders Krug with the chainsaw anyway by beheading him. Sadie runs outside to escape, where she trips and drops her weapon. Estelle tackles Sadie, and after a struggle, Sadie punches Estelle but trips once again and falls into the family's swimming pool. Estelle grabs Sadie's switchblade knife, catches up with Sadie and slits her throat. All four of the criminals now lay dead; Weasel lays by the lake's edge having bled to death; Sadie is floating face down in the pool; Junior in the house beside a wall with the back of his head blown out; and the beheaded Krug also lays nearby as well.The shaken and exhausted couple reunites in their living room in their blood-spattered clothes as the police look at the family and their four murdered guests.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Aliens
synopsis: (scenes in red are only in the Special Edition)After the opening credits, we see a spacecraft drifting slowly through space. Inside is Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), the only survivor from the previous film, having escaped in the shuttle of the cargo ship Nostromo, which she blew up after an aggressive and hostile alien species was responsible for killing her colleagues. Ripley is still in cryogenic sleep with Jones, the crew's pet cat, lying on top of her. A proximity alert goes off: the lifeboat is intercepted by a salvage vessel. The crew uses a welding torch to open the door and enters, finding that Ripley is still alive.In Gateway Station, a space facility orbiting Earth, Ripley regains consciousness in a hospital. A nurse tells her she is in a medical bay. She is visited by Carter Burke (Paul Reiser), a representative of Weyland-Yutani (the Company from the previous film, and Ripley's employer) who brings Jones the cat along. When Ripley states that she does not recognize the medical bay, Burke gives her some terrible news: she has been in hypersleep for 57 years, her ship having drifted aimlessly through space until the salvage vessel discovered it by very fortunate coincidence. Ripley shows clear distress and discomfort, when Jones starts hissing at her as she starts to convulse in the bed. Burke calls for medical attention, and the staff try to restrain Ripley. She pleads with them to kill her, before pulling her shirt up to reveal something pushing out of her stomach. Ripley suddenly wakes up bolt-upright in the hospital bed, clutching her chest, revealing the scene to be a nightmare. A nurse on the monitor next to her bed asks her if she needs something to help her sleep, but Ripley declines. The nurse was the one featured in her dream; the dream was a recollection from a real encounter with Burke, apart from the alien bursting out.Some time later, Ripley is sitting in an simulated environment waiting for Burke, who wants to prepare her for a board hearing. The Company has started a formal investigation into what happened with the Nostromo, and wants to question Ripley about her role in its destruction. Ripley is only interested in news about her daughter. Burke hesitantly hands her a picture of an old woman and tells a devastated Ripley that her daughter (only a 10-year-old child when Ripley left with the Nostromo) has passed away from cancer while she was drifting through space.During the inquiry, Ripley desperately tries to convince the board of the dangerous nature of the Alien and the potential threat of the Derelict Ship, which still contains hundreds of eggs. She explains that Company policies at the time gave the Nostromo crew orders to obtain the creature, which killed the crew and caused the destruction of the ship. However, the board is extremely skeptical of Ripley's testimony. Because she admits to having destroyed the Nostromo and evidence of the Alien creature is lacking, they treat her as if she is mentally unstable. The board does not press criminal charges, but revokes her flight license and submits her to psychiatric supervision. Upon asking why no one will go to the planetoid to confirm her story, Ripley is shocked to learn that the planetoid, now known as LV-426, has already been colonized by terraformers for 30 years, who are creating an atmosphere to make the air breathable and the planetoid habitable.Some time thereafter, at the colony headquarters on LV-426, two Company employees discuss recently received Company orders to investigate a certain un-surveyed part of the surface of the planetoid. A surveyor is currently doing the job, wondering if he can make a claim to anything he finds. The higher-ranking man complains how they never got an answer to the question why those particular coordinates were so interesting, but assures that anything found can be claimed. Outside on the barren and stormy planet surface, the aforementioned surveyor, together with his wife, son, Timmy, and daughter Rebecca, whom is called Newt (Carrie Henn), discovers the same derelict ship previously found by Ripley's crew (in Alien). He and his wife go in to investigate, but after a very long while, the wife comes back and calls for help on the radio: her husband is lying on the ground with a creature attached to his face (a facehugger like the one that attacked Kane in Alien.)Released on her own recognizance, Ripley gets an apartment at Gateway Station. Some time later, she is visited by Burke, who is accompanied by Lt. Gorman (William Hope) of the colonial Marines. Burke tells Ripley that contact with the colony on LV-426 has suddenly been lost. Fearing that Aliens are responsible, the Company intends to send a squadron of Marines; they would like her to act as an adviser, as she has personal experience with this species. Burke will come along, as the Company co-financed the colony. Burke is aware that Ripley has taken a job on Gateway Station, running loaders and forklifts, work that is clearly beneath her. As a further incentive, Weyland-Yutani has agreed to reinstate Ripley as a warrant officer if she goes. Ripley refuses, as she dreads going back to the place where she first encountered the alien, and because she is still frustrated that nobody at the Company believed her earlier story. But as her nightmares continue, she feels that if she does not go on the mission, she will never find any peace. She calls Burke, and when he assures her that the mission to LV-426 is to eradicate any Aliens, not to study or capture them, she gives in. Jones will stay on the station.A Marine ship, the Sulaco, travels through deep space. Inside are colonial Marines led by Gorman, accompanied by Ripley and Burke. After awakening from hypersleep, seasoned veteran sergeant Apone (Al Matthews) quickly takes command. Ripley discovers that most of the marines are a wisecracking, undisciplined lot who joke around and do not seem to take the Alien threat seriously at all. One tough female marine named Vasquez (Jeanette Goldstein) refers to Ripley as Snow White, and the marines seem to have a low opinion of their inexperienced ranking officer Gorman, who shows little interest in getting to know his squad members. Ripley is also dismayed to learn that a synthetic named Bishop (Lance Henriksen) is accompanying them on the mission as their science officer; she mistrusts synthetics ever since her altercations with Ash (from the previous movie). Bishop tries to assure her that the new generation of 'artificial persons' (as he calls it) all have behavioral inhibitors and are therefore incapable of hurting humans; however, Ripley angrily dismisses his attempts to befriend her.As the Sulaco approaches LV-426, Ripley tells the marines about her experiences with the Aliens (dubbed 'xenomorphs' by Gorman) during a mission brief, but they are still rather undisciplined and scoff at the possible threat the creatures pose. During weapons detail, Ripley gradually begins to impress the soldiers, offering to help them load their dropship and displaying her expertise with the large power loader (a hydraulically enhanced suit). Cpl. Hicks (Michael Biehn) takes a special interest in Ripley, impressed with her strong personality and her way with people.Taking the drop ship from the Sulaco to the planet, the marines have no problems with being dropped into the planet's atmosphere, but Gorman seems uncomfortable. He confesses that he has hardly any experience with these kind of missions, further undermining the opinion the marines have on him. One of the soldiers, private Hudson (Bill Paxton) is loudly boasting his courage and the supreme firepower that they have at their disposal. The dropship clears the clouds and flies over the colony, which is a gigantic man-made structure, but without any visible activity. Burke explains that the facility contains an atmosphere processor designed to make planets suitable for human life, and that Weyland-Yutani manufactures them. The ship lands and deploys an armoured personal carrier (APC) with the marines inside before taking off again. The marines exit the APC and enter the main colony complex door. They sweep the building with motion trackers, but find the building deserted, save for a few laboratory mice left behind. The marines discover evidence of a fierce battle, including several barricades, hits from small arms and acid-burns on the ground, implying that there were casualties among the aliens as well. They conclude the building is safe for now, which Ripley doesn't believe. Gorman, Burke and Ripley enter the building, but Ripley is visibly affected by bad memories. In the medical lab, they finally happen upon evidence of Ripley's story: in a series of stasis tubes, they find several facehugger organisms, the spider-like creature that attaches itself to the face of a host. Two of them appear to be still alive. Bishop finds a file describing an attempt to remove a facehugger from one of its victims before it could implant an Alien embryo; the removal resulted in the death of the subject. Ripley and the others make an even more startling discovery: a little girl, about eleven years old, has survived the Alien assault on the colony. She runs away under the floor grating at the sight of the marines, but Ripley succeeds in winning her trust. Her name is Rebecca (she is the daughter of the surveyor family seen in the beginning of the Special Edition). Initially, the girl is non-communicative, seemingly in shock, but Ripley eventually gets through to her; she calls herself 'Newt', and tells Ripley that her parents and the others are dead. Everyone hs become a victim of the Aliens and she'd feel safer if she could return to her hiding place in the ventilation system. Ripley assures her that she'll be safer with herself and the marines.The cocky Pvt. Hudson tracks the colonists by using homing devices embedded in their skin, and discovers that the entire population seems to be crowded underneath the primary heat exchangers of the facility. The team take the APC to the atmosphere processor, where Apone and the marines get out and Gorman & Burke remain aboard with Newt and Ripley to coordinate the sweep from a distance. While descending into the facility, the marines discover strange organic, hive-like structures that must have been secreted by the Aliens. Ripley realizes that the marines are walking next to the colony's nuclear reactor, and that their armor-piercing weapons could do serious damage to it that could cause it to explode. Gorman orders them to hand in their high-caliber ammunition; however, both Vasquez and Drake secretly reactivate their smart-guns, using spare connectors Vasquez had hidden in her equipment. As the team enters the basement, they find an Alien hive containing the dead bodies of the colonists, cocooned as hosts for the Alien facehugger parasites. One colonist is still alive, but she starts to convulse upon awakening, asking them to kill her. Suddenly, an infant alien (a chestburster) bursts its way out of her chest. The marines kill it with a flame thrower, but the sudden stir awakens the dormant 'warrior' aliens, which are concealed inside the walls which offer them effective camouflage. They begin to attack, causing one marine to misfire her flamethrower, causing an explosion of an ammunition stash. The resulting disorientation proves disastrous, as the disoriented marines have no idea where the attackers are coming from, and are quickly reduced in their numbers. The marines start firing back at random, some with the restricted ammo, but the chaos and noise make it hard for anyone (especially Lt. Gorman and Sgt. Apone) to focus and organize a coordinated defense. Apone is suddenly attacked and incapacitated, causing an unprepared Gorman to panic. Ripley, angered and frantically yelling at Gorman for his lack of control, takes control over Gorman's protests, driving the APC all the way down the service ramps into the nest to rescue the surviving marines. Only four make it back to the APC, and one, Drake, is killed by acid from an exploding Alien shot by Vasquez. Ripley recovers Vasquez, Hicks, and Hudson. Hicks manages to kill an Alien that tries to enter the APC with a shotgun blast (Eat this!), which results in a large acid burn on Hudson's arm. Gorman is knocked unconscious while Ripley drives the APC out of the facility, crushing an Alien under the wheels along the way and driving straight through a closed metal door. The escape destroys the APC's transaxle, rendering the vehicle largely immobile.On the planet surface, in the APC, the survivors discover that several of their missing colleagues (Sarge and Deitrich) are still displaying life signs on the monitor. Ripley assures them nothing can be done, as they are being cocooned like the colonists to be hosts for more facehuggers and chestbursters. Vasquez recommends they nerve gas the area, but they opt against it, as there is no guarantee that the Aliens are even susceptible. Hudson loses his nerve, and expresses only cowardice and panic. Ripley suggests taking off and nuking the entire site from orbit, but Burke protests, as he is concerned about the dollar value of the facility. They can bill me, Ripley replies. Burke continues to protest, citing the 'importance' of the Alien species, and claiming that no one 'has the right to arbitrarily exterminate them'. Despite Ripley, Vasquez and Hudson protesting, he refuses to authorize the use of nukes. However, Ripley stipulates that it is a military operation now, and the ranking officer, Cpl. Hicks, is now in command. Hicks seconds Ripley's motion of nuking the site from orbit over Burke's objections, and summons the pilots of the dropship. As Pvt. Spunkmeyer re-enters the dropship he find some slime before closing the ramp. An Alien that has slipped on board kills the pilot (Cpl. Ferro) in mid-flight, and the ship crashes as the rest of the marines barely flee the crash site. Part of the dropship collides with the APC, destroying it and most of the team's weaponry.Ripley and the others are now stranded on the planet surface, with no means of returning to the Sulaco, and Hudson is starting to annoy the group with his incessant whining. Newt warns them that they should get back because it will be dark soon and they mostly come at night, mostly. They retreat back into the main colony complex, where Bishop treats Gorman and the rest survey the limited remaining weapon arsenal they were able to salvage from the APC wreckage. The bad news is that there are only a few intact pulse rifles and flamethrowers left. However, amongst the salvaged items are four sentry guns, remote operated machine guns that can target objects automatically. Upon hearing that a rescue team can be expected no earlier than 17 days, Hudson starts panicking again, but Ripley finally reprimands him, and points out that Newt has survived an even longer period without weapons or training. The survivors decide to fortify the barricades and seal off all possible access routes for the Aliens into the main colony complex. The plan is quickly brought into action and even Hudson shows some determination again. The sentry guns are placed at strategic locations where the aliens are expected to try and enter the building. A test shows that they function optimally.Hicks consolidates Ripley's trust by giving her a small locator to wear on her wrist, so he can find her anywhere inside the complex. Ripley puts Newt to bed and checks inside her doll head Casey for scary dreams. Newt explains to Ripley that Casey doesn't have bad dreams because she's just a bit of plastic. Newt wonders about what happened to her mother - especially if one of the Aliens came from inside her mother - but Ripley can't give her the answer. She tells Newt about her own daughter, who has also died. Newt is scared to go to sleep, so Ripley puts her locator on Newt and assures her she can find her anywhere in the complex now.Bishop has discovered that the Aliens' acid blood neutralizes after exposure to air. The group is discussing the Aliens, and their way of reproduction: humans are used as hosts for the facehuggers, which come from eggs; but who or what produces these eggs? Hudson proposes a large, dominant female, a queen, such as in a social insect colony. Ripley tells Bishop to destroy the two remaining facehuggers, but he tells her he got specific orders from Burke to keep them alive. Ripley confronts Burke about it; he wants the specimens taken back to Earth because the weapons industry will pay large amounts of money for them. He even tries to enlist her help in smuggling them past quarantine. Ripley refuses; moreover, she has checked the colony log and learned that Burke was responsible for sending the colonists to the derelict ship, after he learned about its existence from Ripley during her trial. Ripley blames Burke for not warning the colonists about the danger, but Burke maintains he simply wanted the colonist to accidentally find it, in order to lay a valid claim on the ship; he puts it aside as a bad call. This enrages Ripley, and grabbing him by the lapels, she angrily vows to expose his treachery when they return to Earth.As Ripley exits the room, the alarm sounds: the Aliens have arrived at the first set of sentry guns inside an access tunnel. The guns kill many of them, but they quickly run out of ammo, as the Aliens' numbers are vastly superior. Bishop calls in. There is another problem: the nuclear reactor at the terraforming tower has started emergency venting. They learn that damage to the structure has caused it to malfunction; the cooling units have failed and the core will explode within 4 hours. Damage from the crash has made it impossible to shut down the reactor. Remotely calling the second dropship from the Sulaco is also impossible, as the transmitter was on the APC and is wasted. The only option is to go to the uplink tower and manually remote-pilot the Sulaco's second dropship to the surface. Hudson relapses into his desperation act again, refusing to go; however, Bishop unexpectedly offers to crawl through a small conduit to the uplink tower, as he is the only one qualified to pilot the ship anyway.The second set of sentry guns in the lower hallway empties its ammo into the hoard of Aliens. A great many creatures advance on the unmanned guns, but eventually they stop, not realizing that the guns have almost run out of ammunition. Apparently, the attempts to stop the Aliens' advance have temporarily succeeded. Hicks has Hudson and Vasquez check the perimeter. He promises Ripley he will not let her die by the Aliens, preferring to kill them both rather than falling victim to the creatures. He then gives her a crash course in how to use an M41A 10mm pulse rifle, with an over and under 30mm pump-action grenade launcher, and there appears to be a subtle attraction between them. On her way back to Newt, Ripley passes by Gorman, who has regained consciousness, and is clearly embarrassed by his earlier conduct. She returns to Newt and finds her curled up asleep, hiding underneath the bed. Instead of waking her, Ripley joins her underneath for a nap, laying her pulse rifle on the bed for safe keeping.Meanwhile, Bishop has crawled through the narrow conduit and reached the uplink tower, and is preparing the other dropship for departure.Ripley wakes up to find two empty stasis tubes on the floor: the two facehuggers have escaped. They are locked inside the lab and the pulse rifle has been taken. Ripley and Newt are attacked by a scurrying facehugger, but Ripley fends it off and tries to signal the marines through a surveillance camera; however, as Bishop keeps updating Hicks and his crew about the drop ship, Burke slyly turns off the monitor to prevent the others from seeing Ripley's cry for help. Ripley manages to trigger the fire alarm with her cigarette lighter, but this also draws out the facehuggers; Hicks, Hudson, Gorman and Vasquez arrive just as a facehugger attempts to attach itself to Ripley's face, and the second one threatens Newt. The facehugger threatening Newt is killed immediately by Hudson; Hicks & Gorman get the 2nd facehugger off Ripley and throw it into a corner, where Vasquez kills it with a pulse-rifle as it tries to attack again.In the Operations room, Ripley knows it must have been Burke who was acting in retaliation; she suggests that Burke intended to 'impregnate' her and Newt with the facehuggers, then sabotage the other marines' cryotubes so as to eliminate any witnesses. He would emerge back at Earth as the only survivor, and smuggle the Aliens in the bodies of Ripley and Newt. Burke denies Ripley's allegations, but the other marines are quickly convinced by Ripley's story. As they debate what they should do with Burke and are about to waste him, the power to the facility is suddenly cut off. Hicks has Vasquez and Hudson walk perimeter. They use motion trackers and register movement coming towards them, already inside the perimeter, and Hudson reports there's movement all over the place.Everyone pulls back in the central Operations room, but the signal keeps approaching, even inside the barricades. They suddenly realize that they have blocked the direct access routes, but forgotten the less obvious ways in; Ripley looks up and Hicks opens a ceiling panel, and sees that an army of Aliens has simply circumvented the barricades by climbing upside-down through the crawlspaces over the ceiling. They open fire, and hoards of Aliens break through the ceiling. As the remaining marines take on the creatures, Burke slips away and prevents the rest from escaping by sealing the med lab door. Hudson puts up a brave fight, gunning down several Aliens, but he is ambushed by several Aliens coming up from the floor grid, who grab and pull him down out of sight. Burke is killed by an Alien that has already found a way inside the med lab.Newt finds an alternate escape through the air ducts. Bishop reports that the ship is on it's way, E.T.A. 16 minutes. Inside the vent, Vasquez is last and fires all her grenades and pulse rifle ammunition, and draws her handgun, then is attacked by an Alien coming down through a vertical duct. She empties her handgun into it and kills it but the spilling acidic blood of the creature seriously wounds her leg. Gorman comes to help her, but they suddenly find themselves surrounded by Aliens. Once Gorman's handgun is also empty, he and Vasquez trigger a grenade together, destroying Aliens around them.The explosion causes Newt to fall through a ventilation shaft that leads to the bottom of the facility. Ripley and Hicks take the stairs to the basement, following the tracker signal. They find Newt, still clutching her doll's head, in a sewer below a grid, which Hicks tries to cut open, but Newt is snatched by an Alien before they can rescue her. Ripley screams in desperation when she sees the doll's head floating in the water, but remains determined to rescue Newt, knowing the Aliens will cocoon her to await a facehugger.Ripley and Hicks rush into an elevator to go up. The doors don't close until they pound on the buttons a second time, and an Alien jumps in before the doors close. Hicks kills the creature, but is severely wounded by the Alien's spilling blood, which quickly eats through his body armor. Ripley drags Hicks out through the complex main doors and they meet up on the surface with Bishop, who has just piloted the rescue ship to the surface by remote. Ripley, however, refuses to leave the planet and demands that Bishop take her back to the atmosphere processor to rescue Newt.Bishop reluctantly flies the dropship into the atmosphere processor, which is now beginning to overload, and lands on a high platform. Ripley arms herself with a pulse rifle, a flame thrower, and the locator duct-taped together, plus M40 grenades and M-94 marking flares, ignoring Bishop's warnings that the explosion will occur in 19 minutes, leaving a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska. She says goodbye to the wounded Hicks, who, as a sign of trust, tells her his name is Dwayne; Ripley tells him she is called Ellen. She tells Hicks, who has been treating his injuries, not to let Bishop leave, and he confirms that they ain't goin' anywhere.Ripley takes an elevator down, loads the grenade launcher, and stuffs 5 flares in her pocket. An announcement declares that there are now 14 minutes remaining to reach minimum safe distance. She stalks through the basement, blasting her flamethrower, and leaves signal flares on the floor for backtracking as she infiltrates the Alien hive. She uses the locator signal to find Newt, but only finds the detached locator. She collapses to the floor, struck with grief, but hears Newt scream: the girl has been cocooned and is threatened by a facehugger hatching from an egg. Ripley kills the creature, which alerts warrior Aliens to her presence. The attacking warriors are quickly gunned down by Ripley and she frees Newt from the cocoon-wall. Several explosions from the failing reactor drive Ripley, carrying Newt, into a chamber full of eggs. It also houses a monstrously large Alien: the Queen of the hive, still laying eggs. Several warrior Aliens close in on them, but when Ripley threatens to destroy the eggs, the Queen signals them to retreat. Ripley & Newt slowly back out of the egg chamber, planning to leave the Queen and eggs to be destroyed in the imminent nuclear explosion, but when an egg hatches next to Ripley, she can stand it no longer. She turns the flamethrower on the eggs, spraying the room with napalm. The Queen goes mad, screeching insanely at the destruction of her offspring. Ripley then fires a series of bullets and grenades into the eggs, several warrior Aliens and the Queen's egg-sac, blowing it to bits. As she and Newt retreat out of the chamber, a warrior Alien ambushes them, but it is quickly gunned down. Ripley throws her grenade belt into the raging inferno, and then retreats towards the elevator. The exploding grenades destroy the remaining eggs, but also dislodge the Queen Alien from her perch. The queen tears herself free from the egg-sac and furiously pursues Ripley and Newt, who make it back to the elevator, then have to wait for it to return. There are 4 minutes remaining to reach minimum safe distance.As they retreat into the elevator they are approached by the Queen, and Ripley uses the remaining napalm in the flamethrower on the Queen, burning her severely as the elevator carries them up. However, the second elevator opens up in front of the Queen, who tilts her head while looking at it. As they arrive on the platform with 2 minutes remaining, to Ripley's desperation, the dropship is not there. She curses Bishop.Ripley's ammunition counter reads 00. While the surrounding complex is quickly exploding and collapsing, the other elevator arrives, its door opens, and the Queen emerges. Ripley tells Newt to close here eyes, possibly intending to leap to their deaths rather than let the Queen kill them. Just then the dropship comes hovering over the platform. Ripley and Newt are narrowly able to get on safely and on time. The dropship carrying Ripley, Newt, Bishop and Hicks barely escapes as the processing facility explodes in a massive mushroom cloud below them.Back on the Sulaco, Bishop says he had to sedate Hicks for the pain, but that he would be all right. He explains that he had to take off from the platform, which became unstable, and had to circle while waiting to pick them up. Ripley makes peace with Bishop, thanking him for saving their lives. Suddenly, Bishop is speared from behind by a huge stinger, and ripped in half at the waist by the Queen: she had stowed away by hiding inside the recess for the landing gear. She advances menacingly towards Ripley and Newt. Ripley attracts the Queen's attention and tells Newt to run. Newt dives under the flooring as Ripley continues to call the Queen, then runs and quickly closes a door behind her.The Queen batters the door, then searches the floor and starts ripping the floor plates up until she has the child cornered. Newt screams like a high-pitched siren. Suddenly, Ripley appears, inside the large forklift powerloader she used earlier. The exoskeleton-like machine makes her an even match for the giant Queen, and they battle furiously. Ripley punches the Queen several times, grabs her and attempts to dump her into the ship's airlock, but the Queen quickly grabs hold of the powerloader, and Ripley gets dragged down into the air lock with her. Ripley manages to get out and climb up the ladder, as the Queen grabs her leg. Ripley activates the controls, opening the outer lock door, causing air to rush out of the ship. Bishop is in bad shape but his head and upper torso are still functioning, white hydraulic fluid everywhere, and as what's left of him slides towards the airlock he grabs on to the floor grill to hold himself in place. The Queen desperately tries to hold on to Ripley's foot, but her shoe comes off and the Queen is blown out into space, screaming and flailing madly. As Newt is also being blown towards the airlock, Bishop grabs her and anchors them both in place. Ripley somehow manages to pull herself up out of the air lock against the enormous air pressure, and closes the airlock, barely pulling her leg out in time. Newt comes up to her and hugs her, calling her mommy. Bishop congratulates her: Not bad for a human, as Ripley and Newt hug.The film ends as Ripley prepares Newt, Hicks, and what's left of Bishop for hypersleep for the journey back to Earth. She assures Newt she can sleep all the way home, and that they both can dream. They are both in deep sleep as the credits roll.After the credits, the sound of the howling wind and a scurrying facehugger are heard.
tags: dark,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  action,  tragedy,  suspenseful, 

title: Dark Water
synopsis: Dahlia (Jennifer Connelly) and her daughter Ceci -Cecelia- (Ariel Gade) move to a flat in a condominium because of Dahlia's impending divorce. They go to live to Roosevelt Island, a neighbourhood in New York. Because her soon-to-be-ex-husband Kyle (Dougray Scott) rejects the new school and the new surroundings, it looks that the proceedings for Ceci's custody are turning nasty. The mediators (Bill Buell and Linda Emond) feel that Ceci would be the most damaged person at the end of the divorce, regardless of whom the custody's winner will turn out to be eventually. Dahlia and Ceci live on the ninth floor. Dahlia tries to keep her routines, reading children's books to Ceci before going to bed, taking her to school, etc. However, she keeps on getting splitting headaches and has to take heavy medication. The condo has laundry facilities in the basement and a rude clerk called Veeck (Pete Postlethwaite) who is always complaining about everything but not doing much.Pretty soon, Dahlia finds herself exhausted. She needs to keep her job to pay her bills, her mother (Elina Löwensohn) disapproves of her life and finds herself worried about Dahlia's psychological strength. When Dahlia first took a look at the flat, she didn't notice that there was a damp stain in a bedroom, but later on, when she and Ceci are already living there, it becomes a huge problem. They also begin to hear strange noises coming from the other side of the walls, The flat is badly-lit, the same as the dilapitated corridors or the dark basement. The clerk promises to call in a plumber.Two teenaged boys are making mayhem around the flat. They are almost always together and they are considered vandals. One of them even makes a sexual remark to Dahlia when they found her on the basement preparing a washing machine full of clothes. However, they leave , and Dahlia is alone when she turns on the washing machine. It doesn't seem to work properly so she starts another one. She hears strange noises, the water inside the washing machine turns nasty brown and Dahlia thinks that there is a girl inside the washing machine. She pulls the lid until the machine's door opens, but later, when she realises that there is nobody inside, she blames it on a prank played by the two teenaged boys.Ceci has been unable to make friends in her new school, so she starts playing with her imaginary friend, Natasha. Dahlia tries not to worry, but the weight of the world on her shoulders starts to take its toll. The clerk says that Ceci must have seen/heard Natasha, the little girl who lives in the 10th floor with her father. After the incident in the laudromat, Dahlia sees the red Hello Kittly schoolbag named after Natasha. When Ceci gives it back to the clerk, he just throws it away again.Jeff Platzer (Tim Roth) is Dahlia's lawyer. He seems to live in his car, all on his own. However, when Dahlia calls him in panic a Sunday evening, he says to her that he is taking his family to the cinema and that he will call on Dahlia the next day. Cue to him, all by himself in the gritty cinema.Dahlia talks to Ceci and tells her to stop playing with her invisible friend. Later, at school, Ceci is making a drawing of herself and her mother in front of the home. It looks like an invisible force is forcing her to paint on top of the drawing, so that everything becomes a blurred disaster. Ceci gets annoyed and shouts to the invisible energy to stop it. The teacher (Camryn Manheim), sees that Ceci is having a kind of nervous breakdown. She takes Ceci to the bathroom so that she can wash her hands. There, muddy water goes out from all the taps, and Ceci encloses herself within a toilet cubicle. A dark-haired girl in a red coat walks by, splashing on the watery floor.The teacher (Camryn Manheim) phones Dahlia, who arrives all wet from the heavy rain. She is told that Ceci got dizzy and fainted in the bathroom.Kyle accuses Dahlia of being unstable and a bad influence for Ceci. Platzer asks Dahlia whether there is anything real in all those accusations, and Dahlia talks about her headaches. Platzer takes the matter on his own hands, as he seems to feel that Dahlia is about to have a breakdown. He phones the owner of the building, Mr Murray (John C. Reilly), who seems really upset when he notices the level of damage made by the water coming from the 10th floor. Murray promises that a plumber will arrive the following day. Next day, the plumber says that the pipes themselves are not the problem, as there was no leakage to begin with.Dahlia decides to take her fears seriously and investigate the matter. She goes up to the 10th floor, but nobody lives there anymore.On the 10th floor there lived a family of Russians. They were a disfunctional family: the mother was an alcoholic, but their only young child, Natasha (Perla Harney-Hardine), was nice and welcoming. The mother checked herself into rehab, leaving Natasha with her father. The father returned to Russia, taking for granted that Natasha was with her mother. The child was abandoned by both parents, so one day, when on the rooftop, she walked up the ladder to the big reservoir and drowned in it. It seems that the clerk knew about it, but he refused to do anything about the matter, because after all, it was not his job. Instead, he just stopped taking care of the reservoir, and that was why Dahlia's apartment was getting flooded again and again.Dahlia peers inside the reservoir. She immediately spots Natasha's corpse. Natasha opens her eyes and tries to take Dahlia inside, but Dahlia leaves the place and phones the police. The police arrest Veeck, but there is no way to prove that either of Natasha's parents killed her, and Veeck is probably only guilty of not having phoned the police when he realised that Natasha was dead.Once that the ordeal seems to be over, Dahlia talks to Kyle. She proposes to reach an agreement over Ceci's custody and live closer to Kyle. Kyle is overjoyed to hear it. Dahlia intends to leave the condo in only a week... for good.That night, Dahlia prepares a bath with bubbles for Ceci. Dahlia leaves Ceci in the bath and talks on the phone to her mum. Dahlia is having her bath playing with a blue doll. When Dahlia is about to take Ceci out of the bath the girl is already in the living room, wrapped in a robe. Dahlia starts reading a children's book to her, when suddenly she realises that it is Natasha, not Ceci.Dahlia has to break down the bathroom door. Natasha is trying to drown Ceci. To save her daughter, Dahlia offers to take care of Natasha forever. The bathroom becomes flooded.The police are in the building again. They think that Dahlia has committed suicide. Kyle picks Ceci up, and takes her to his home. When they are in the lift, they become stranded. At that moment, the ghost of Dahlia talks to Ceci, combs her hair and tells her that if she has a problem in the future Dahlia would be in the building waiting and that she would help her. Meanhwile, Ceci leaves the building happily, and Dahlia stays to take care of Natasha.
tags: suspenseful,  horror,  flashback, 

title: Eaten Alive
synopsis: After refusing a request from frisky customer named Buck (Robert Englund) who wants anal sex, the naive and inexperienced prostitute Clara Wood (Roberta Collins) is evicted from the town brothel by the madam, Miss Hattie (Carolyn Jones). Clara makes her way across the local swamp to a decrepit hotel, called the Starlight Hotel, to check into a room for the night where she encounters the scruffy and mentally disturbed proprietor Judd (Neville Brand) and his pet crocodile in the swamp beside the front porch. Upon realizing Clara was a prostitute, Judd attacks her while ranting and raving. When Clara tries to defend herself, Judd stabs her with a pitchfork and feeds her to the crocodile.Some days later, a fractious couple, the outgoing Faye (Marilyn Burns) and her mentally disturbed husband Roy (William Finley), along with their young daughter Angie (Kyle Richards) arrive at the hotel to check in since they are driving across country. They soon experience the trauma of the Angie's persistantly barking and overly curious pet dog being eaten by the crocodile. Faye and Roy take their daughter to their room to try and try to calm her down.The insane Roy decides to shoot the crocodile with a shotgun for eating their dog, but Judd intervenes. During the struggle, Roy shoots Judd in his right leg, but it is revealed that Judd's right leg is a wooden prostetic which he apparently lost years earlier when it was bitten off by his pet crocodile. Judd angrily stabs Roy with a scythe before he is attacked and devoured by the huge crocodile which breaks through the porch railing and swallows Roy whole.After getting Angie to sleep, Faye goes into the bathroom for a bath, however she is interrupted by Judd who begins to beat her. Angie wakes up and runs from the hotel. However, Angie gets trapped underneath the hotel by Judd, who proceeds to tie up Faye in a vacant room where he spends the rest of the movie sexually fondling her while Angie remains trapped under the floorboards of the hotel.That evening, Harvey Wood (Mel Ferrer) and his daughter Libby arrive at the Starlight Hotel seeking information on the whereabouts of Clara, Harvey's daughter who had run away from home several months earlier. Judd calmly denies having ever seen Clara when he is shown a photo of her. Never less, Harvey and Libby check into separate rooms and then leave to try and locate her at Miss Hattie's brothel.Accompanied by Sheriff Martin (Stuart Whitman), Harvey and Libby question Miss Hattie, who lies to them by denying ever seeing Clara (apparently still angry over Clara upsetting her business). Harvey returns to the hotel while Libby stays in town to eat dinner with Sheriff Martin. When Harvey hears Angie's crying underneath the floorboards of the porch, he begins to investigate and is attacked by Judd who stabs him in the neck with his scythe. Judd then drags his dead body to the swamp to be eaten by the crocodile.While Sheriff Martin and Libby are at the local bar having dinner and drinks, Martin kicks out Buck and his sluttish girlfriend Lynette (Janus Blythe) after a fight nearly breaks out between Buck and another local redneck barfly. The pair venture to the hotel, much to the annoyance of Judd who had already warned Buck to stay away from his land. While in their room to have sex, they hear Angie's cries for help. Buck goes to investigate and is pushed off the porch and into the swamp by Judd, where he is quickly eaten alive by Judd's crocodile. Lynette hears the commotion, and goes outside only to be chased by Judd and his scythe into the nearby swamps. She manages to get to a road where she flags down a passing car and gets away.At the same time, Libby arrives back at the hotel and goes up to her room. Judd arrives back also, and opens up the gate for the crocodile to get in under the house so it can eat Angie. Meanwhile, Libby discovers Faye tied up in the room. After freeing her, the two women attempt to leave, however Judd chases them back upstairs where he wounds Faye with the scythe. Libby escapes out a window and begins to help Angie out of the swamp she has managed to get into to evade the crocodile. Judd throws the severly wounded Faye off a balcony and then he attempts to push Angie back into the swamp while struggling with Libby. But at the last second, Faye arrives and pushes Judd over the fence into the swamp, where he is devoured by his pet crocodile. Sheriff Martin arrives at the hotel minutes later to arrest Judd after being alerted by Lynette only to find the bloodied but alive Faye, and the shaken but unwounded Libby and Angie. All that is left of Judd is his prostetic wooden leg floating in the swamp beside the hotel.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity, 

title: The Mangler
synopsis: William 'Bill' Gartley (Robert Englund) is the mean owner of a factory, shouting and bossing everybody around. He looks from a corridor outside his office in a higher floor. He's got some weird metal crutches attached to his knees and has trouble walking. Men and women earn their bread in a noisy, warm, full of vapours, dim-lighted environment. In a factory line, huge Hadley Watson machinery wash, dry and fold sheets. Miss Adelle Frawley (Vera Blacker) and Sherry Ourelette (Vanessa Pike) greet each other. Lin Sue (Lisa Morris) is the new employee, but she doesn't stop to help Sherry with her heavy equipment. Adelle tells her to be careful. Doris is the one who finally helps Sherry. One of the female workers hurts herself and her blood is split everywhere. There is an electric shortage. Gartley's pissed off that the production line has to stop. The second-in-charge is as mean as Gartley. Gartley calls his employees boys and girls and tells everybody to go back to work. The machine keeps on working, and stains of blood are everywhere.The small town where they live is Rikers Valley. Officer John Hunton (Ted Levine) almost has a car accident against a delivery van, which is transporting a new electricity generator . In the factory, Adelle takes some medication on the spot. She looks around. The machine from the accident seems to open her mouth to eat her, but she backs down in the last second. The overseer George Stanner (Demetre Phillips) shouts to Adelle and Doris to go back to work, while the bandaged hand of Sherry starts bleeding again. With the scare, Adelle has thrown all her pills, and there are some only in the mouth of that huge machine. Dizzy, nervous and sweaty, Adelle tries to retrieve some and the machine takes her whole body. Everybody is frantic, there is blood everywhere, the machine takes the whole body of Adelle, while Bill shouts Daisy May, let's do like dogs.John is called. Mark Jackson (Daniel Matmor), the guy from the delivery van, is still moving the generator around. There is havoc outside the factory, with an ambulance taking away the body. Stanner looks unsympathetic, but he doesn't want to look at the body. Hunton feels sweaty and nervous because there is only gore everywhere. The photographer keeps on working while Hunton throws up. All the textile factory / Blue Ribbon Laundry depends on that machine, and all Gates Falls depends on the factory to survive.Sheriff Hughes (Larry Taylor) arrives. Adelle is taken in a box. There is a safety bar which seems to be working fine. The inquest is done with: accidental death. Hunton talks with a town punk and takes some pills. MJeremy Crutchley	...	J.J.J. Pictureman / MorticianAshley Hayden	...	Annette Gillian
Danny Keogh	...	Herb Diment
Ted Le Plat	...	Doctor RamosTodd Jensen	...	Roger Martin
Sean Taylor	...	Derrick Gates
Gerrit Schoonhoven	...	Aaron Rodriguez
Nan Hamilton	...	Mrs. Ellenshaw
Adrian Waldron	...	Mr. Ellenshaw
Norman Coombes	...	Judge BishopIrene Frangs	...	Mrs. Smith
Megan Wilson	...	Ginny Jason
Odile Rault	...	Alberta
Ron Smerczak	...	Officer SteeleAshley Waldorf	...	Paramedic Driver (uncredited)
tags: cult,  horror,  violence, 

title: Creepshow
synopsis: A stern and tyrannical father named Stan (Tom Atkins) gets angry when he finds his young son Billy (Joe King) reading a grisly horror comic book entitled Creepshow. After arguing with his wife and slapping Billy, Stan throws the comic in the garbage. A skeletal figure appears outside Billy's window, the Creep, who hosts the stories in the comic book. A wind draws the comic out of the garbage can, and the five stories within come to life, dissolving from illustrated comic frames to live-action frames at the beginning of each story, and vice-versa at the end of each story (each story is linked by short, animated interludes).1st story: Father's Day -- The Granthams are a wealthy family with a macabre annual celebration. Sylvia Grantham (Carrie Nye) gathers with her family members Richard (Warner Shook) and Cass (Elizabeth Regan), and the eccentric Aunt Bedelia (Viveca Lindfors) on Father's Day. While they are waiting for Bedelia to arrive, the family members explain Bedelia's back story to Cass's new husband, Hank (Ed Harris).It seems that Bedelia's father, the now-deceased family patriarch Nathan, was pathologically jealous of Bedelia. After Nathan had her lover murdered in what was written off as a hunting accident, Bedelia went over the edge. While caring for the elderly Nathan, Bedelia snapped and bashed Nathan's head in with a marble ashtray. The family conspired to make it look like an accident, and Nathan's massive wealth was divided among them equally. Ever since the time of the murder, which occurred on Father's Day, Bedelia visits her father's grave at the family estate, then joins the others in the mansion for dinner.This year, as Bedelia sits on Nathan's grave, Nathan's rotting corpse emerges from the ground and attacks her, strangling her to death. Nathan then exacts revenge on the rest of the family. Hank is squashed with a falling gravestone, the housekeeper Mrs. Danvers (Nann Mogg) is killed, and Nathan twists Sylvia's head off of her body. In a final gruesome joke, he 'surprises' Cass and Richard with Sylvia's head, decorated to look like a Father's Day cake, complete with burning candles.Story #2: The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verrill --
Jordy Verrill (Stephen King) is a simpleton who lives alone on his family's rundown farm. A meteor crashes to Earth, landing in his field, and Jordy has aspirations to sell the meteor to the local college for a small fortune -- two hundred dollars. He tries to pick up the meteor but it's too hot, and burns his fingers. Jordy's solution is to pour a bucket of water on it, but that causes it to split in two. A dejected Jordy sees his dream of a two hundred dollar windfall go down the drain. Still, he resolves to try and sell the halves, which are now covered in a greenish liquid.Later that night, the crater where the meteor landed is now covered in weird green plantlife, as is everything the meteor came into contact with. Jordy notices his fingers have green wounds on them, presumably from the burns, but later he discovers the alien vegetation, which has now covered the entire farm. Jordy realizes that the alien plant life is now growing on his skin. As the night progresses, Jordy becomes covered in shaggy green weeds, causing him to itch.Jordy's itching skin causes him to run a bath, but before he can get in, the image of his deceased father appears to him in the mirror and warns him against getting into the water, since the water is what makes the weeds grow. Jordy gets in anyway, and when morning dawns, Jordy has become a gigantic lumbering mass of alien vegetation. Desperate, he shoots himself in the head with a shotgun, revealing that the deep green weeds have even penetrated his brain.Story #3: Something to Tide You Over --
Harry Wentworth (Ted Danson) is awakened by a knock at his door from Richard Vickers (Leslie Nielsen). It seems that Harry has been having an affair with Richard's wife, Becky (Gaylen Ross), and Richard has come to confront him. Instead of attacking him, Richard plays him a cassette of Becky's terrified voice begging Harry for help. Harry accompanies Richard back to his private beachfront estate, where Richard forces him at gunpoint to climb into a hole in the sand on the beach. Burying Harry up to his neck, Richard then connects a television that displays live footage of Becky, also buried up to her neck in another location on the beach. The tide is already starting to come in and wash over her face. Harry realizes that they will both be dead soon; there is no reasoning with Richard, who seems to take great delight in his revenge. Richard abandons Harry and goes back to his beach house, where he watches the drowning deaths of both Becky and Harry on the video monitors. Before the last wave covers Harry's head, he vows revenge on Richard.Later that night, Richard is alone in the beach house when he seems to hear voices calling him. While he showers, two shuffling figures enter his home, defying the many security cameras and alarms that Richard has in place. When Richard emerges from the shower, he hears somebody in his house and immediately thinks it's Harry, somehow still alive. He is terrified to discover that the invaders in his home are the water-logged corpses of both Becky and Harry, both of them zombies covered in seaweed with green, pruning skin. Richard's gun has no effect; the zombies taunt him the same way he taunted them, and we finally see Richard, now completely insane, buried on the beach in the same way, waiting for the tide to come in. I can hold my breath a looooooooooong time! Richard yells crazily.Story #4: The Crate --
A janitor at Horlicks University, Mike (Don Keefer), discovers an old dusty crate behind a grate under a basement stairwell. He calls Professor Dexter Stanley (Fritz Weaver) to investigate with him, drawing him away from a stuffy faculty gathering. At the gathering is Dexter's good friend, Professor Henry Northrup (Hal Holbrook). Henry is married to an obnoxious shrew of a woman named Wilma (Adrienne Barbeau). Wilma, who is continually drunk, embarasses herself and Henry at the party, and it seems as if she is about to ruin the friendship Henry shares with Dex. Henry, who is somewhat meek, fantasizes about ways to murder her.Back at the university, Dex and Mike pull the crate out from under the stairs and realize that it appears to have been under there since the late 1800s. A stamp on the outside of the wooden box indicates that it contains specimens from an arctic expedition. When the two of them open it, they sense movement from inside, and Mike is attacked by something when he puts his arm in the crate. Whatever it is pulls Mike inside, apparently eating him as it goes, and Dex catches a glimpse of a horrible, shaggy beast with huge teeth.Dex runs blindly from the lab and finds the only other person in the hall, a student named Charlie Gereson (Robert Harper). Charlie goes down into the the laboratory and finds it covered in blood, with no sign of the crate or the creature. Charlie and Dex find the crate back under the stairs, and when Charlie attempts to investigate, the creature attacks him and eats him, too.Dex is afraid to go to the police; instead he goes to Henry's house, and he arrives while Wilma is away for the evening. He tells Henry the story about the creature, and Henry knows Dexter has to be telling the truth. Henry hatches a plan. He gives Dex sleeping pills and leaves him locked in his study, asleep. Henry writes Wilma a note, concocting a bogus story designed to lure her to the laboratory. He gets there ahead of her and cleans up the evidence of the blood. Wilma can't resist Henry's trap, and she shows up at the university as planned. Henry lures her under the stairs and her obnoxious ranting draws the creature out of its crate. It eats Wilma before Henry's eyes; Henry then chains it inside the crate and dumps the crate into the deep water of a nearby quarry.When Dexter wakes up the next day, he and Henry vow to keep the secret of what really happened, and let the authorities deal with the disappearances. The final frames show the creature in its watery trap, tearing the crate to pieces and presumably escaping.5th and final story: They're Creeping Up on You! --
Upson Pratt (E.G. Marshall) is a neurotic business tycoon who lives in a sterile, white penthouse apartment atop a skyscraper in a major city. He communicates with the outside world via the telephone, treating his employees and subordinates in a cutthroat, heartless manner. One phone caller informs him that an employee, Norman Castonmeyer, has committed suicide because Pratt fired him. Pratt seems delighted rather than upset.Pratt is obsessed with cleanliness and has a huge phobia of bugs. Unfortunately, he keeps finding cockroaches in his apartment, which sets him on a rampage to correct the situation. He places telephone calls to the building superintendent and makes thinly veiled racial slurs in an attempt to intimidate the man.As Pratt finds more bugs in his apartment, someone gets through on his private line. Norman Castonmeyer's widow, Lenore (voiced by Gwen Verdon), calls Pratt to curse him for her husband's death. Pratt is amused by her melodramatic sadness, until the cockroaches multiply. He finds them in his food processor, bits of them surfacing in the grain cereal he eats. An electrical blackout occurs, and the roaches attack, swarming by the thousands everywhere in Pratt's apartment. Pratt retreats to his safe room, a climate-controlled sleep chamber, just as the phone rings. Lenore Castonmeyer's voice curses him over and over I hope you die! I hope you die!, and Pratt discovers his bed swarming with roaches. The roaches quickly cover him and Pratt suffers a heart attack. The power returns, the lights come back on, and the roaches are nowhere to be seen. Pratt's body lies inside the glass sleep chamber. The superintendent knocks at Pratt's door and laughs when Pratt doesn't answer, asking Bugs got your tongue? Suddnely, swarms of roaches burst from Pratt's body, so many that they nearly fill the glass chamber.The wraparound story with Billy concludes the next morning, when two garbage men (Marty Schiff and Tom Savini) discover the comic book next to the trash can in front of Billy's house. They leaf through it reverently and discover that someone has clipped a mail-in coupon for a genuine Haitian voodoo doll. Inside the house, Billy's father, Stan suddenly suffers neck pain, while up in his bedroom, Billy stabs a voodoo doll in his form of his cruel father repeatedly with a pin as payback for Stan tossing out his favorite comic book.Like each story in the comic book, this live action scene of Billy stabbing the voodoo doll becomes an illustrated comic book picture, and as the camera pulls back, we see that the comic's macabre host, The Creep, is holding the second issue of the Creepshow comic book in his boney hands, with Billy and his voodoo doll adorning the cover. The Creep titters, and a nearby candle flame goes out, plunging the scene into darkness.Credits begin to roll...(At the end of the credits, we once again hear The Creep's laughter).
tags: comedy,  dark,  cult,  horror,  violence,  psychedelic,  revenge, 

title: The Lords of Salem
synopsis: In the year 1696, a man, Reverend Jonathan Hawthorne (Andrew Prine), writes with his quill pen about the witches of Salem and ridding it of Satan and his army. We cut to a ritual of the witches committing themselves to the devil. They strip their clothes off for the ritual and are dirty and surrounding a fire as they scream and chant.MondayPresent Day. A young woman, Heidi Hawthorne (Sheri Moon Zombie), wakes up in her room naked after a night of drinking by her alarm clock. She takes her dog into the kitchen to feed him. She walks outside to get the paper and says 'hi' to her new neighbor, about to introduce herself but is ignored by her the door is then slammed shut. We see Apartment 5. She goes downstairs to walk her dog and the landlord Lacy (Judy Geeson) says there is no tenant in apartment 5 and no one has lived there since Heidi has lived in the building. Lacy say she'll check it out. She walks outside and suddenly we see a colorful spiral which reveals that Heidi is is a DJ in Boston and its the commercial. The station is hard/screaming rock.As Heidi and the other two DJ's, Whitey (Jeff Daniel Phillips) and Herman (Ken Foree) leave, she receives a package from a group listed as The Lords of Salem. It's a wooden box with a vinyl record inside. She goes home with Whitey. He puts on the record, and it sounds horrible. As it plays, she starts to get weird. The record starts to play the same chanting done by the witches earlier. She has a vision of this and of one of the witches giving birth. Once he turns it off shes fine and tells him he can crash on the couch if he doesn't want to drive all the way home. She gets ready for bed and walks by her bathroom there is a ghost witch woman standing there.TuesdayHeidi goes to a group meeting before going to work (she is a recovering drug addict) at WIQZ radio. At the station, they are interviewing a man named Francis Matthias (Bruce Davison) who wrote a book about the Salem Witch Trials. They play the record she got in the mail, thinking its from a band called The Lords of Salem, over the airwaves and everywhere people are listing to it. Various women start dropping things and entering trances. The name of the song is The Lords of Salem. The guy, Francis, goes home and talks to his wife Alice (María Conchita Alonso), a local artist painter. The name of the song is bothering him.Heidi goes home and meets Lacy's sisters, Sonny (Dee Wallace) and Megan (Patricia Quinn) who have come to visit. Once she finally gets upstairs and turns the light on to feed her dog you can see a dead ghost witch hanging in the corner. She goes back downstairs to drink with the ladies. Megan, reads her palm, but it makes Heidi uncomfortable and she goes upstairs. We see a ghost walk by the hallway. Heidi is in bed watching an old movie. Her dog, Troy, gets outside and starts clawing and barking at the vacant room. Heidi gets him back inside but then the door starts to open by itself. Heidi's curiosity gets the better of her, and she walks towards the door.Inside the room, there is a neon red cross glowing. Heidi is drawn to it and puts her hands up to it, similar to how the witches were acting in the ritual. A demon appears behind her. Suddenly, we see Hell. She leaves the room and enters the hallway, only to see one of the old, naked, witches named Margaret Morgan (Meg Foster) telling her she is a daughter of Salem. She says for her to Lead us again and Heidi puts her arms out. We see an image of the scene from long ago and Heidi wakes up from her nightmare, however something in her room starts to shake.WednesdayHeidi walks to and enters a church. The priest tells her that God is always open and ready to listen. She seems upset. He tells her that he can tell she's a very sad girl. He starts to comfort her and when she tries to leave he kind of grabs her. He gives her a speech about angels sending people to Hell. He says she is a filthy whore and Christ cant save her, only he can. He starts screaming and goes crazy, when suddenly Heidi snaps awake. It was only a vision. The priest tells her he thinks she fell asleep and she runs out. While sitting outside with her dog, a ghost figure walking a dog starts towards her saying We've been waiting for you. He vanishes, but then reappears.Meanwhile, Francis is at his own library reading a book about the witch trials. We cut to a vision of the ceremony from earlier in the movie. They took a woman and locked in a chamber by the fire where she burned,and the witches around her screamed. The woman had a mask on her face. Francis, back in reality, calls to his wife and asks her to do something for her play the last few notes printed in a book about the Lords of Salem. He wants to see if it is the same as the music Heidi got. Alice plays it on the piano, and he plays the tape of it. It's the same.Heidi goes to work, and the DJ's are announcing that The Lords are coming to Salem. They have sent them another package filled with concert tickets (though this concert never eventuates on-screen). They play the record. As it plays, Heidi starts to have visions and hear voices, freaking out and leaving the room to cry in the bathroom. At home, she sits alone, and we see rats in the hallway.ThursdayFrancis walks to the author of the book he was looking at. He tells him about the group The Lords of Salem that sent the record to Heidi. He wants to know if there's anything else about The Lords of Salem that he knows. The man that was writing his diary, Hawthorne, in the beginning of the movie thought the group of six were making music for the witches and his group eventually killed them. In the final sections of his diary, he talks about Margaret Morgan, one of the women, and how she put a curse on the women of Salem and put a curse on the man who wrote the diary's descendants (Heidi is one of them).Heidi is staying at her Whiteys house. She tells him she just had to get out of her apartment. She thinks that record is fucking with her. She suddenly starts to cough up blood. He calls 911. As he calls 911 she sees visions of ghost men surround him and knock him to the ground. They are wearing doctors outfits and are holding her down, cutting her open, pulling out her intestines and some type of alien baby figure. She snaps out of it.Heidi seems to be back at home, pops some pills, and goes to her bathroom freaking out. The picture on her wall starts bleeding (the figures in the painting resemble the ghost figures) and whispering Heidi over and over again. She leaves and goes to buy drugs.FridayHeidi is at home, listening to a tape on speaking French, while taking the drugs. There's a knock at her door. Its Lacy and her sisters.Meanwhile, Francis looks up Heidi's family tree online and finds out she's related to the reverend from the 1600s. He calls Heidi but shes asleep. The women are there taking care of her and tell him not to call back, he has the wrong number. They locked the dog in the bathroom and take Heidi, now drugged, into the hallway. They walk towards Room 5, talking to their master. They open the door, and as Heidi enters its a huge ballroom type place. She walks up the stairs, now with creepy face paint on. The Lord is at the top of the stairs and starts making a screaming noise. Heidi leaves the room and goes back into the hallway. She's back in bed.SaturdayWhitey calls Heidi to make sure she's OK. Hes trying to ask her out, but she tells him shes fine. He offers to pick her up to take her to the gig, but she tells him shes fine to get there herself. He tells her hes there whenever she needs him.Francis walks to Heidi's place to see if she's all right. He tells Lacy hes there to see Heidi. She lets him in, saying that they can wait in her apartment until Heidi comes home (she's lying, as Heidi is upstairs sitting in her bathroom). The ladies talk to him, and he reveals hes there to give Heidi information. Lacy starts to yell at him, accusing him of wanting to fuck her brain. He gets up to leave, and one of the sisters knocks him out with a frying pan. Heidi overhears them killing him with it as she crawls on her floor upstairs.Whitey shows up to get Heidi. The women try not to let him pass, but he gets upstairs. He knocks on her door but she is passed out on Heroin on her couch but after knocking repeatedly Heidi finally answers it, very doped up, falling into his arms crying. When Lacy appears Whitey get suspicious and worried that Heidi is so frightened, he asks her what is going on but Lacy tells Heidi to tell Whitey to wait outside. She does what she says begging Whitey to wait outside then she shuts the door to get ready and Lacy takes Whitey with her.Whitey takes Heidi to the concert hall, where Herman is wondering what on Earth is going on. When they arrive Heidi is higher than before and pale with bruises on her face. Herman is seriously worried but Whitey says they can deal with this tomorrow. Heidi then walks away from them and looks at them with tears in her eyes and sadly says bye and suddenly closes the door on them... locking them out of the Palladium to protect them.Mozart's Requiem plays as the dark Salem Palladium is lit up with a bright light when the curtain lifts up. We see Lacy, Sonny and Megan on the stage wearing 17th century rags. They kneel on the stage and chant to the audience members, saying Satan come to us, we are ready. The ghost of Margaret Morgan and The Lords of Salem witches appear behind them on stage saying Welcome, Whores of Satan. I can taste the foul stench of your ancestors rotting in the folds of filth between your legs, Heidi The One We have been waiting for you Heidi. We have always been waiting. the witches play The Lords theme with their hand made instruments sending Heidi and the other female descendants into a trance. Heidi stands on the balcony and removes her glasses and clothes as all the audience members strip their clothes off and the music plays.Heidi sits on the special spot they have made for her. Heidi suddenly appears in a different reality. The witches chant a little, and she starts to put her hands on her head, going crazy. All the audience members, now naked women with masks on, walk towards her. The ghost men, in priest outfits, sit on thrones, all of them stroking dildos as Heidi sits between two of them facing three others. They chant about riding a goat warning her that means excepting The Devil and other strange things. Heidi does strange things, and we see MANY strange visions. Heidi's wild side takes over and she chooses to ride the goat unaware of the serious consequences. There is a cross that says Jesus Saves on top of fire. We are now in what appears to be Hell. The witches surround Heidi talking about their Lord Satan. They keep touching her and just like in her vision she gives birth to a creature.Back on stage, the three women have their heads bowed in prayer when a bright light begins to shine on them so they open their eyes and look up ecstatic happy and staring up at Heidi whose tattoos have gone and her eyes rolled back making them completely white now in a crown and white robe, surrounded by a white light, standing on top of all the now dead naked women. Heidi, having given birth to the Antichrist, is now the Satanic Virgin Mary for the coven.The next day on the radio there is news report on the 32 deaths of the Salem Lifer Society found in the Palladium, and it appears to have been a mass suicide. There is no news on the missing Heidi.
tags: gothic,  grindhouse film,  murder,  violence,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  psychedelic,  sadist, 

title: Zombi 2
synopsis: A man fires a bullet into the head of a body wrapped in a sheet. He says to an off screen person, The boat can leave now. Tell the crew.Several days later, an apparently abandoned sailboat sails into New York harbor. Two officers of the harbor patrol board the boat to investigate and find the living quarters in squalor and disarray. They are suddenly attacked by a rotting, bloated zombie (Captain Haggerty) which bursts from the hold, gorily killing one officer by biting his throat out, before being shot and propelled overboard by the second officer.A local reporter named Peter West (Ian McCulloch) is assigned by his hard-nosed editor (director Lucio Fulci) to the case. That evening he meets up with Anne Bowles (Tisa Farrow) the daughter of the boat's missing owner. Anne has informed the police that she has not seen her father for the past three months since he traveled to the Antilles. Meanwhile at the morgue, the pathologist and his assistant are preparing to perform an autopsy on the dead police officer, when unknown to them, the dead body begins stirring...The next morning, Peter and Anne fly to the Dominican Republic and meet an American tourist couple named Brian Hull (Al Cliver) and Susan Barrett (Auretta Gay) who are about to embark on a sailing tour of the Caribbean. Peter and Anne ask them to help them get to the island of Matul, where Anne's father was last heard from. Despite Brian's claim about warnings from the superstitious locals about Matul, the four of them agree to set off together for the island.On Matul, tensions between Dr. David Menard (Richard Johnson) and his contemptuous, highly strung-out wife Paola (Olga Karlatos) are running high. She wants to leave island, terrified about reports of zombie attacks. He insists on staying to conduct research into the phenomenon, despite the fact that his medical mission is falling apart. Leaving her alone to drink her fears away at their isolated beach house, Menard drives in his jeep to his hospital, which is a ramshackle converted church buzzing with flies. Menard's superstitious Haitian assistant Lucas (Dakar) insists that they leave, for all of the villagers of the nearby town are fleeing in fear of the rising of the dead. Menard scoffs at all this.At sea, Susan goes on a scuba dive where she gets attacked, first by a shark, then by a strange aquatic zombie. Susan gets away, leaving the zombie to fight against the shark.That evening, Paola Menard is alone in the house where she takes a shower to cool off in the hot and humid weather, when she hears a noise. Investigating, she is attacked by a marauding cadaver (unseen except for a rotting, outstretched hand). As she struggles to barricade herself into her bedroom, the zombie smashes its arm through the door and grabs her by her hair. Her head is slowly pulled onto the shattered doorframe, and she dies a horrible death as her right eye is impaled on a spike of slatted wood as she's pulled out the door.The next morning, Anne, Peter, Brian, and Susan arrive off the coast of Matul where they find out that their boat has been damaged by the shark attack. They anchor in a bay off the island and send up distress flares. Menard answers their distress call as Luca and Menard's personal nurse (Stefania D'Amario) bury more dead bodies, victims of a mysterious virus that's killing the islands residents and resurrecting them as zombies. The survivors are forced to shoot each corpse in the head to prevent them from reviving before burying them. On the drive back to the hospital, Menard tells his four visitors that Anne's father (Ugo Bologna) died three months earlier from the strange disease plaguing the island. Menard also tells the disbelieving visitors that the zombie epidemic, so far on the other side of the island, is blamed by the locals on the voodoo curses of a evil witch doctor. When they arrive at the hospital, Menard's nurse informs him that a friend has been taken ill. Menard then asks Peter, Anne, Brian, and Susan to drive over his house and check on the safety of his wife. Menard looks at his friend, Fritz, who claims he was bitten by a zombie in the village. Menard orders Lucas to lock all the doors and windows, now aware that the zombies are approaching this end of the island.Meanwhile, Peter, Anne, Brian, and Susan arrive without incident at the Menard cottage and upon entering they make a horrific discovery. The dead body of Mrs. Menard is sprawled out outside the bedroom door, half-eaten, surrounded by a small group of zombies who are gorging on her remains. Revolted, they fight their way past a group of slow-moving, staggering zombies and drive back to the hospital. But on the road, a zombie wonders into their path, and the jeep is damaged as they swerve into the dense tropical undergrowth. Peter's left ankle is broken upon the impact, but the group decide they must make it back to the hospital.A little later, the group stops for a rest in a small jungle clearing which they see is an old cemetery for the Spanish Conquistadors. As Peter and Anne lie down on the ground for a rest, the buried Conquistadors emerge from the soil. One of them grabs Anne by her hair while another grabs Peter by his broken ankle. The two of them break free, but Susan is not so lucky. Frozen in terror by the sight of a large, worm-faced cadaver (Ottaviano Dell'Acqua), she dies as it bites her throat out before it's dispatched by Peter and Brian, who bash the creature's head in. The three survivors are now obliged to make the journey back to the hospital as the living dead erupt from their tombs all over the island, as well as stalk the deserted shanty village nearby.At nightfall, Anne, Peter, and Brian finally arrive back at the hospital. Dr. Menard tends to Peter's broken ankle, while Brian helps Lucas and the nurse barricade the doors and windows. Menard is informed to his wife's fate, but does not comment on it. Instead, he raves about his failed efforts to find a scientific explanation for the walking dead and their instinct to feed on human flesh. Suddenly, a large group of the tottering, implacable creatures try to batter down the boarded up front door. Menard and the group begin to construct barricades as well as make Molotov cocktails from the kerosene tanks. However, the hospital's sick patients are dying and coming back as zombies, making the hospital under attack from inside and out. Menard is the first to go when he gets his face ripped off by the zombie Fritz, before it's killed by Brian with a gunshot to the head, the only way of killing the reanimated zombies. Lucas is next when he gets part of his arm bitten off by another zombie. The nurse is then killed by the zombie Lucas, who then attacks Anne but gets shot dead by Peter. The mob of zombies finally breaks down the front door, and a climactic battle between the three survivors and the foul creatures begins, with fire apparently the only effective weapon against the slow moving, walking stiffs. With the hospital now on fire from the exploding Molotov cocktails, Anne, Peter, and Brian are forced to flee from the burning building out the back door. But outside, Brian comes face to face with the walking corpse of the resurrected Susan. He succumbs to emotion and gets badly bitten on his arm as a result. The zombie Susan is immediately shot and killed by Peter, and the trio run for the beach with some zombies not far behind.As dawn breaks, the gerry-rigged boat limps back out to sea. Brian sinks into unconsciousness, terminally sick from the zombie bite, and soon dies. Peter and Anne lock the dead Brian up in the boat's cabin, for Peter wants the dead Brian as proof to the authorities that the whole experience happened. Turning on the radio, Peter and Anne listen in disbelief as a radio announcer explains about a zombie epidemic gripping New York City apparently brought on the by zombie from the opening scene. Down in the cabin, Brian's re-animated corpse frantically tries to get out of the hold it is locked up in.In New York City, a long line of freshly dead zombies are seen, slowly marching across the Brooklyn Bridge into Manhattan.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Insidious
synopsis: At the beginning of the film, a shadowy old woman is seen inside a house while the inhabitants sleep.
Renai and Josh Lambert have recently moved into a new home with their three children. One morning, Renai looks through a family photo album with her son, Dalton, who asks why there are no pictures of Josh when he was a child. Renai reasons that he has always been camera shy and disliked taking photos of himself. One evening, Dalton sees the attic door open and goes to investigate after hearing sounds upstairs. As he enters inside, he tries to climb a ladder to turn on the light, but falls when the ladder cracks. As he falls to the floor, he seems to stare in horror at the darkness as if looking at something terrifying. Shaken, he is put to bed by Renai and Josh and told not to play in the attic because it is off-limits. The next day, Dalton does not awaken from his sleep. Renai and Josh rush him to the hospital, where the doctors say he is in an inexplicable coma.Three months later, Dalton is moved back to his home while still in a coma. Shortly after, disturbing events begin to occur. The first is when Renai hears a voice on the baby monitor which shouts I want it now!, a bloody hand-print on Dalton's bed and a strange but frightening man in her infant daughter's bedroom. Renai becomes more disturbed when their youngest son, Foster, says he does not like it when Dalton walks around at night. Renai tells Josh about the events, but when she is assaulted by the strange man that night, she begs Josh and the family soon moves to another house.In the new house, the supernatural events continue to occur, such as a strange, dancing boy, and soon become increasingly sinister. Lorraine, Josh's mother, recalls having a strange dream of going inside Dalton's room in the night and seeing something standing in the corner, and when questioned What do you want?, it replies Dalton. Subsequently Lorraine sees a red-faced figure standing behind Josh that roars at her and Dalton is then violently attacked in his bedroom. This prompts Lorraine to contact a friend, Elise Reiner, who specializes in the investigation of paranormal activity. The family, Elise, and her team enter Dalton's room and Elise sees and describes a figure to one of her two assistants, who draws a black figure with a red face and dark hollow eyes on the ceiling of Dalton's room; the same figure that Lorraine had seen before in the house.Elise explains to Renai and Josh that Dalton has the ability to astral project while sleeping and that he has been doing it since he was very young. The reason that Dalton is in a comatose state is because he has fearlessly traveled too far into different spiritual worlds (he believes the projections are dreams) and has consequently become lost in a land called The Further, a place for the tormented souls of the dead. While Dalton's spirit is in this other world, he has left nothing but a lifeless body. The tormented souls crave another chance at life through Dalton's state, while there are others (possibly the old woman and the frightening man) who are more malicious in using him, and then there is the red-faced figure, revealed to be a demon, who wants to use Dalton for a more malicious intent. However, for a spirit to consume a body, a period of time and energy are required.Skeptical at first, Josh later relents when he discovers Dalton had been drawing pictures which resemble the demonic figure Elise described. They run a session to try to communicate with their son but Dalton appears and the demon uses Dalton's body to fight the group, along with other entities who want Dalton's body. After the session, Elise calls Lorraine and the two reveal to the couple that Josh also can astral project and was terrorized by an evil spirit during his childhood. Lorraine shows them pictures from Josh's childhood, revealing a shadowy old woman (the same woman from the beginning of the film) behind him. The more photographs taken of Josh, the closer the shadowy woman begins to get to Josh until she is inches away from him, explaining his fear of photos. Elise suggests that Josh should use his ability to find and help return Dalton's soul, to which Josh agrees.To prepare to astral-project and find his son, Elise sits him in a chair and places him in a trance. Josh suddenly awakes to find that he has astral-projected seeing his own self asleep in the chair as well as the others in the room. He proceeds outside in a misty emptiness in an attempt to find his way to Dalton. After encountering a boy who points him back towards a house (the same home that the Lamberts moved out of), he proceeds, only to encounter a family who is shot by a bizarre, smiling female member of the family in the living room. Startled, Josh makes his way to the attic where he discovers a red door (the same one drawn in Dalton's pictures). Before he can enter, the violent man seen by Renai in their daughter's room appears and attacks him. Once defeating him, Josh enters the red door.Inside is The Further and the red-faced demon's lair. While entering a cavernous red room, Josh discovers a sobbing Dalton, chained to the floor. Josh frees his son, but the demon has discovered Josh's presence and attacks them. In search of their physical bodies, Josh and Dalton flee the demon's lair, with the demon in pursuit. Just before the two awaken, Josh leaves his son to confront the shadowy old woman who appears to be inside his house. As he shouts for her to get away from him, screaming that he isn't afraid of her, she retreats into the darkness. Moments later, Josh and Dalton both awaken, just as all the spirits vanish.With the family now happily reunited, Renai, Dalton, and Lorraine chat in the kitchen as Elise and Josh pack up from the long night. Josh hands Elise the pictures from his childhood, and as she takes them from his hands, she senses something and takes a picture of Josh. He promptly goes into a rage, screaming that she knows that he doesn't like to get photographed, and leaps on her before strangling her to death. Renai hears Josh yelling and goes into the room to find Elise dead and Josh gone. She searches for Josh and finds everyone is gone, the house dead silent. She looks and comes across Elise's camera, seeing a picture in it of the shadowy old woman. It's revealed that what Elise saw was Josh's old and dirty hand and nails, similar to the old woman's, implying that she has possessed him. Josh then puts his hand on Renai's shoulder, saying Renai, I'm right here, and horror envelops her face as she looks behind her.In a post-credits scene, the shadowy, old woman can be seen blowing out a candle and the screen fades into total darkness.
tags: boring,  paranormal,  horror,  alternate reality,  atmospheric,  flashback,  psychedelic,  suspenseful, 

title: Halloween H20: 20 Years Later
synopsis: Marion Whittington (Nancy Stephens)--formerly Marion Chambers--returns home to find that her house has been broken into. She goes to her neighbors and phones the police, but her teenage neighbor insists on investigating her house. After getting the all-clear, Marion goes in and finds that her office has been ransacked; she was responsible for taking care of Dr. Sam Loomis, now deceased, and she discovers that the file she kept on Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) has been stolen. Marion feels as if she's not alone in the house. Rushing next door, she finds her teenage neighbors murdered, and Michael Myers appears, wearing a trademark white mask. Michael stalks and kills Marion, then gets into a car and drives off just as the police arrive to investigate the break-in, discovering the bodies.Laurie has relocated to California. She is now known as Keri Tate, headmistress of a small private prep school. Laurie has a teenage son named John (Josh Hartnett), and the two of them live on campus with the rest of the students. Laurie still struggles with the events of Halloween night 1978, when Michael Myers stalked her and killed those around her. As a means to escape her past, she faked her death and has been living under her assumed identity of Keri ever since. Her past trauma, as well as the stress of living under false pretense, has turned her into a functioning alcoholic. She is also heavily dependent on medication for her emotional condition.Laurie has a secretary named Norma (Janet Leigh) who dotes on her like a parent, and notices how Laurie gets particularly shaken around Halloween. Laurie's boyfriend, Will Brennan (Adam Arkin) is a guidance counselor at the school, and the two of them share a semi-discreet relationship. But Laurie's relationship with John is becoming strained; she is overprotective of him and refuses to allow him much freedom. He is to stay within the locked school grounds at all times, and she denies him the right to attend an annual school camping trip to Yosemite, which is on Halloween. John's girlfriend Molly (Michelle Williams) also stays behind due to some problems with her tuition. Their friends Charlie (Adam Hann-Byrd) and Sarah (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) also fabricate reasons to stay behind so that the four of them can celebrate Halloween together on the near-deserted campus. John and Charlie convince the school's security guard, Ronny (LL Cool J) to open the gate and let them out so that they can walk into town and shoplift a bottle of wine for their party.Laurie meets Will for lunch in town and opens up to him a little, acknowledging that she's been unable to deal with something in her past. While he's in the men's room, Laurie chugs her glass of wine and orders another, hurrying the waiter so that Will won't realize she's had two instead of just one.On her way back to the school, Laurie sees John and Charlie walking down the street and becomes enraged that John has left the school grounds. John also gets angry at Laurie, asserting himself and telling Laurie that she needs to accept the fact that Michael Myers is dead. Laurie drives Charlie and John back to school and scolds Ronny for allowing the boys to get out.Meanwhile, Michael Myers has arrived at the school. He follows Laurie downtown and lurks outside the school later, staring in at Molly as she sits in Laurie's literature class. Laurie addresses the students before they leave for Yosemite and lectures them to be on their best behavior. Afterwards she surprises John by telling him she's changed her mind and she will allow him to go with the others. Since he has already made plans with Molly, Charlie and Sarah, he stays behind anyway without Laurie's knowledge.That night, Michael Myers slips onto the grounds of the school by distracting Ronny at the gate. Ronny is unharmed but knows something is wrong. John and his friends get ready to eat dinner together when Charlie goes off in search of a corkscrew. Sarah follows him, and they are both murdered by Michael Myers.Will and Laurie carve a pumpkin together and Laurie tells him that she is not Keri Tate and that her real name is Laurie Strode. Will thinks she is joking when she tells him that her brother killed her sister with a kitchen knife, and that years later he came after her. Will eventually realizes she's telling the truth and wonders how old Laurie was at the time. She tells him she was 17, then suddenly realizes that John has just turned 17 as well. Her sense of panic sets in and she tries to call John; the phones are dead. She immediately goes to her bedroom and retrieves a gun, discovering John's camping gear in his closet; she now knows John never left for Yosemite. Ronny appears at the front door and tells them that there is a strange car parked in the driveway. They decide to search for John and the others.Meanwhile, John and Molly get restless and search for Charlie and Sarah, finding Sarah's body hanging from a light fixture. Michael Myers appears and gives chase, and they flee back to John's residence. Myers corners them in a doorway blocked by a gate. Laurie and Will open the door and let the kids inside just barely in time before Myers can get inside the gate; Laurie and Michael stare at each other momentarily through the door's tiny window. Before Laurie can get her gun, Myers disappears.Laurie puts John and Molly in a room and locks it, while she and Will look for Myers in the hallway. Will sees a shadow and thinks it is Myers, grabbing Laurie's gun and shooting. It is really Ronny; Will has shot him in the head. As they panic about the mistake, Myers appears and stabs Will to death, chasing Laurie down the hallway. She hits him over the head with a fire extinguisher and runs off with John and Molly. They make it to their vehicle and Laurie drives off to the front gate.Before she drives off, Laurie has a sudden moment of revelation. Instead of running, she sends John and Molly off and closes the gate behind them, breaking the mechanism that opens it. She then grabs a fire axe and sets out looking for Michael. She finds him back in the school and the two of them stalk each other, wounding each other with the axe and various knives. Finally Laurie stabs Michael several times in the chest, sending him hurtling over a balcony into the mess hall. He seems dead, but Laurie knows better.Help arrives at the school; John and Molly have sent the police. Ronny is alive, the bullet having just grazed his head. Laurie's wounds have been bandaged, and she sees the coroner carrying Michael's body on a stretcher. She knows ultimately he will return, and that she must make sure he's dead once and for all, so she steals a policeman's gun and forces the medics at gunpoint to load Michael into a nearby van. Laurie takes off at high speed.While she drives down the mountainous road, Myers begins to reanimate and pulls himself out of the body bag. Laurie slams on the brakes and sends him through the windshield, driving into him with the van. The van plunges over the hillside and both Laurie and Michael are thrown from it. Michael gets the worst of the deal; the van slams into his body and pins it against a fallen tree. Laurie finds the fire axe and approaches Michael, who is still alive, but helpless. She calls to him and he looks up at her, mute but seemingly asking her for help. Laurie reaches out for him, their fingertips touching briefly, and she feels pity for Michael. Suddenly her rage wells up inside her, and she decapitates Michael with a single blow.
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  good versus evil,  insanity, 

title: 6 donne per l'assassino
synopsis: At a chic 'haute couture' fashion house in Rome, model Isabella (Francesca Ungaro) is brutally murdered one night during a raging thunderstorm by a mysterious figure dressed in black, wearing a mask. The body is discovered locked in a storage locker by the owner: the recently widowed Countess Christina Como (Eva Bartok), which is managed by Massimo Morlacchi (Cameron Mitchell). Inspector Silvestri (Thomas Reiner), an arrogant police detective, arrives to take charge of the murder investigation. Silvestri soon discovers that the fashion house is a hotbed to drugs, corruption, and blackmail. The suspects include Massimo, the wealthy Ricardo Morellin (Frnaco Ressel), who was having an affair with Isabella, the dress designer Cesar Lazzarini (Louis Pigot), and Isabella's boyfriend Frank (Dante Di Paolo) an antique shop owner who sold cocaine to some of the models on a daily basis, as well as the handyman Marco (Massimo Righi).The following evening during a fashion show, when it is discovered that Isabella kept a diary which detailed most of the indiscretions, everyone is thrown into a quandary. Initially, the diary falls into the hands of Nicole (Ariana Gorini), one of the models, who promises to take it to the police. But another model, named Peggy (Mary Arden), manages to obtain it unnoticed. Later that night, Nicole goes to visit Frank at his antique shop. While there, she is terrorized by strange sounds and fleeting shadows. Before she can escape, she is attacked and killed by the same mysterious figure dressed in black who whacks her in the face with a clawed antique mallet. Finding that the dead girl doesn't have the diary on her, the killer steals Nicole's car, setting off the burglar alarm, and drives away. The killer is witnessed by a gas station attendant nearby.Across town, Peggy arrives at her apartment from the fashion show where she lives with Nicole and Tao-Li (Claude Dantes). While Tao-Li goes off to a party, Peggy is met by boyfriend Marco. Peggy tells Marco that she doesn't want to go out with him tonight, and he leaves. Alone, Peggy reads some of Isabelle's diary which a page details her blackmail dealings with a mysterious boyfriend. Peggy then burns the diary by throwing into her fireplace. The killer arrives, and kidnaps Peggy in her apartment. Refuses to believe that she burned the diary, the killer takes Peggy to the apartment building's basement and proceeds to torture her. But when Peggy grabs the killers mask (we don't see his face) he puts his mask back on and kills her by burning her face on a heated red-hot furnace.Meanwhile, Frank arrives at his antique shop and discovers Nicole's dead body. He flees without notifying the police to Ricardo Morellins' house to ask him to supply an alibi for him. Morellin refuses, but Frank threatens to expose him for stealing money from Isabella. Frank calls Inspector Silvestri, who arrests him on suspicion of killing Nicole, as well as dealing drugs. Frustrated, Silvestri has all the five suspects, Massimo, Marco, Morellin, Frank, and Caesar arrested.But that evening, Greta (Lea Kruger), the fiancée of Morellin, drives home where in the truck of her car, she discovers the burned body of Peggy. Fearing the police will think she did it, Greta carries the body inside her house, where she hides it. Greta soon gets murdered by the same black-clad figure who breaks into the villa who smothers her with a pillow.The next morning, Silvestri arrives at the villa where he concludes that since the murder was committed with all the suspects in jail, none of them can be guilty. After Massimo returns home, he is greeted by Christina where its revealed that Massimo really is the killer after all. Massimo had previously assisted Christina to murder her husband so she could inherit the fashion house. But apparently Isabella discovered this and began blackmailing Massimo, among other people with scandalous secrets. When her blackmail demands became too much, he murdered her, not realizing that she had written everything down in her diary. Although Massimo murdered Nicole and Peggy too, it was Christina who dons the killer's black coat and mask to murder Greta to throw off suspicion from her lover. Yet, Massimo knows hes not out of danger yet. So, he asks Christina to don the mask and coat one last time to murder another model to further frustrate the police.That evening, Christina, wearing the mask and black coat, surprises Tao-Li in her apartment and forcibly drowns her in the bathtub, and subsequently slits her wrists to make it look like a suicide. As Christina prepares to leave, she is startled by a knock on the front door. She attempts to bypass the visitor by escaping by the roof. But Christina loses her footing on the ledge, and falls to the ground. The visitor is Massimo, who has instigated a cunning plan to lure Christina into a trap where she will be killed while killing another model, and make it look that shes is the real killer, while he takes over the fashion house for himself.Confident that all his problems have been solved, Massimo sets about looting Christinas valuables. While in the process of doing so, he is startled by a noise. Looking up, he sees Christina standing before him. Massimo is dumb-struck and Christina explains, the show awning broke my fall. Bloodied from a head wound and trembling in pain, she confront her worthless lover with his treachery, and he naturally tries to smooth-talk his way out of the situation. As they embrace, she realizes his true nature when she sees him pulling a knife out of his coat pocket to stab her in a mirror reflection, and she shoots him to death. Subsequently, as she tries to phone Inspector Silvestri, Christina succumbs to the fatality of her wounds.
tags: mystery,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: The Human Centipede (First Sequence)
synopsis: Lindsay (Ashley C. Williams) and Jenny (Ashlynn Yennie), two American tourists in Germany, are drugged and involuntarily detained by crazed surgeon Dr. Josef Heiter (Dieter Laser) when they seek help at his house after they get a flat tire. The women awake in a makeshift medical ward. They witness Heiter kill a kidnapped truck driver after Heiter informs him he is not a match. Heiter secures a new male captive, Japanese tourist Katsuro (Akihiro Kitamura). The doctor explains that he is a world-renowned expert at separating Siamese twins, but dreams of making new creatures by sewing people together. He describes in detail how he will surgically connect his three victims mouth-to-anus, so that they share a single digestive system.
After Lindsay tries to escape and fails, Heiter explains that he had previously experimented with creating what he called a three-dog, also joined mouth-to-anus. However, the three-dog died shortly after surgery. Heiter tells Lindsay that one dog tried to escape and that dog became the middle, thus this caused the most pain to the dog and as punishment for her escape attempt, she will become the middle part of his centipede. Heiter performs the surgery, placing Katsuro at the lead, Lindsay in the middle and Jenny at the rear. He removes the front teeth of both women and mutilates the buttocks of both Katsuro and Lindsay in order to provide easier access to the rectums, to which he hideously stitches and grafts their mouths. During his procedure, he severs the ligaments within his victims' knees to prevent leg extension, forcing his victims to crawl. He then connects his victims together in a straight line with their mouths surgically attached to the anus of the victim in front of them.
Once the operation is complete, Heiter attempts to train his centipede as a pet, often belittling Katsuro with racist insults and beating him with a crop when he becomes rebellious. When Katsuro defecates, Lindsay is forced to swallow his excrement while the doctor watches in delight. However, he eventually becomes irritated after being kept awake by the constant screaming of Katsuro (who, as the front part of the centipede, has his mouth free and is still able to speak) and the realization that Jenny is dying from septicemia. When two detectives, Kranz (Andreas Leupold) and Voller (Peter Blankenstein), visit the house to investigate the disappearance of tourists, Heiter comes up with an idea to add them as replacements for Jenny in a new creation; a four-segment centipede. He offers the two detectives water spiked with sedatives in hopes of knocking the two unconscious. After being given the water, the detectives become suspicious and obtain a search warrant for his home. While the detectives leave Heiter's home, the victims attempt to escape. Katsuro attacks Heiter in the process. Their attempt to escape ultimately fails. Katsuro confesses to the doctor that he deserves his fate because he had treated his own family poorly, then commits suicide by slitting his throat with a glass shard.
Upon returning to Heiter's home, the detectives forcefully conduct separate searches as an injured Heiter hides near his swimming pool. Kranz finds the ward along with Heiter's victims. Voller begins to feel ill from the earlier drugging, and Heiter stabs him with the scalpel pulled from his leg during Katsuro's attack. Upon finding Voller dead, Kranz is shot by Heiter with Voller's sidearm. Kranz responds by shooting Heiter in the head before dying. Back in the house, Jenny and Lindsay hold hands as Jenny dies. Lindsay sobs as she is left alone in the house, trapped between her deceased fellow captives. Her fate is left unknown. The film ends with the sounds of her sobbing while the camera pans to the roof of the house.
tags: comedy,  murder,  stupid,  cult,  horror,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: The Maze Runner
synopsis: Thomas (Dylan O'Brien) wakes up in an ascending elevator. With him are supply containers marked WCKD. When the elevator reaches the top, a door above him opens and he's surrounded by a Lord of the Flies type gaggle of young men/boys. Thomas takes off running, but stops when he realizes he's in a small glade surrounded by huge walls.Gally (Will Poulter) subdues Thomas and keeps him from trying to run into a maze which is accessible through a door in the wall.The leader of the group, Alby (Ami Ameen), and his consigliere Newt (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) explain the situation to Thomas. Once a month the elevator (or the box as they call it), comes to the surface with supplies as well as a new boy. They all live in the glade and call themselves Gladers. None of them can remember anything about their pasts or why they were sent there, but after a few days their names come back to them. Each boy is given a different job. Some are builders, some are runners. A door opens in the giant wall every day and closes every night. The door leads to a maze that surrounds the glade. Runners go through looking for a way out. If you're trapped in the maze over night, the Grievers get you and you die. The maze changes every night. Alby was the first boy to arrive in the Glade. No one knows why they're there.Thomas starts to form a friendship with the kid who came up the month before him. He's one of the youngest of the group. His name is Chuck (Blake Cooper).That night there's a celebration for Thomas. Gally is wrestling one of the other boys and asks if Thomas wants to have a go. They end up sparring and when Thomas hits his head on the ground, he remembers his name.That night Thomas has a dream. It's full of fleeting images, but a woman (Patricia Clarkson) says, Wicked is good.Alby takes Thomas around to show him more of the sites. The boys carve their names on the wall when they arrive. When one dies, they cross off the name. Thomas tries to fit in and he's given the task to go dig up fertilizer from out in the woods. While he's there, he's attacked by Ben (Chris Sheffield) one of the Runners who was stung by a Griever. While they fight, the other boy says, This is all your fault. I saw you. That boy has what they call The Changing. A sting will apparently cause tremendous pain and make you prone to violence. There's no cure for it, so they force the boy into the maze at night just as the doors are closing. Everyone is concerned that there was a Griever attack during the day.That night Thomas has another dream. It's more of the lady assuring him that Wicked is good, but now he also remembers himself and a girl about the same age sitting across from each other at work stations going over diagnostics.The next day, Alby goes into the maze to retrace Ben's path and find out what happens. It rains during the day. Now it's getting late and Alby still hasn't returned. All the boys gather around the entrance to the maze. Just as the doors are about to close, the lead Runner named Minho (Ki Hong Lee) appears with a very injured Alby. Thomas rushes into the maze to help them, but the door closes behind him.Minho and Thomas use vines to suspend Alby's body and try to keep it safe from the Grievers. Alby was stung while inside the maze. One of the Grievers appears and chases after Thomas. The Grievers looks like gigantic bedbugs with robot legs and scorpion tails. Thomas and the Griever run around a bit as the walls in the maze change. Finally Thomas is able to lure the Griever between two walls that are colliding and SQUISH! Dead Griever.The next day Gally calls for a meeting of the Gladers. Most are excited that Thomas killed a Griever. There's another group though, lead by Gally who feel that the rules they have were put in place to keep everyone safe and ever since Thomas arrived things have changed like Grievers attacking during the day. Speaking of things changing, the elevator arrives.The boys run out to check what the elevator brought. Inside are no supplies, only a young girl (Kaya Scodelario). She looks up and says, Thomas..., before passing out. In her hand is a note that reads: 'She's the last one ever.'Gally calls for Thomas to be punished because non Runners are allowed in the maze. He doesn't like the fact that the girl knew who Thomas was. He's scared that the elevator hasn't gone back down since they took out the girl. Newt says Thomas can be locked up overnight without any food and starting tomorrow, he's a Runner. Gally is mad at his leniency.Some of the boys go back into the maze to look at the carcass of the Griever, which further upsets Gally. Inside it they find a weird device that has an electronic display reading the number 7. The device also is marked WCKD. The boys realize whoever sends them supplies also made the Grievers.Minho shows Thomas a map of the maze. There are different outer sections that open each day as the maze changes. Each outer section is numbered. Last night, section 7 was open.The girl is awake. She's at the top of a tower throwing stuff at the boys on the ground. Thomas yells up to her that it's him. She agrees to let him come up. He explains that her memory was wiped, but in a few days she'll remember her name. She says she already remembers her name. It's Teresa. She remembers Thomas too. He tells her that he's had dreams about her and a lady saying that Wicked is good. When Teresa woke up she found two syringes in her pocket too.That night, Thomas deals with his punishment of being locked up. Chuck visits him and brings him some food. He also asks Thomas to give his parents a little carved statue Chuck made. Even though he doesn't remember his parents, he's sure his parents remember him and miss him. Thomas gives back the statue and tells Chuck that he'll be able to give that to his parents himself.The next morning Thomas and Minho go into the maze along with the device they got from the Griever. The device ends up making clicking noises and guides them to a new section Minho has never seen before. Minho is also concerned that all of the outer sections of the maze seem to be open. They get to a wide area marked WCKD Loading Dock that ends up in a dead end, but the device turns from red to green and opens a new path. That path leads to what looks like some sort of sewer tunnel. The edges of the tunnel have the same slime that the Grievers secrete, so they go back to the Glade.Thomas decides to use one of the syringes on the still changing Alby. It ends up making him better. When he comes to he tells Thomas, You were their favorite. But we don't find out what he means because outside doors all over the maze begin to open and out pour scores of Grievers.The Griever attack that wipes out lots of the boys and destroys most of their village. Alby is among the dead. Chuck is saved after being grabbed by one of the Grievers. They end up hacking off its tail. After the attack, Thomas realizes that the venom from the Griever stings helps the victim remember, so he takes the hacked off tail and stings himself and he remembers a little bit more.Thomas remembers that the maze isn't a prison, it's a test. He sees all of the other boys in incubation tubes. A lot of them are in a panic. He also sees himself as a scientist along with Teresa.The Gladers use the second syringe and Thomas is cured and confesses to everyone that he's one of the people responsible for everyone being there. Gally is furious; he and his group tie Thomas and Teresa to stakes outside the entrance to the maze as an offering. But half the group is still with Thomas so they free them. Now the Gladers are divided.Thomas tells Gally that he'd rather die trying to escape than die in the Glade not trying. Thomas takes a group into the maze. They get to the Loading Dock area from before and are attacked by Grievers again. They go through the sewer tunnel and it leads to a locked door. They need a numerical code to get through. They realize the code must be the sequence in which the maze would normally open. Theresa types it in and everyone goes through a door. Walls crush all the Grievers behind them.The kids walk through some hallways until they find a door marked exit. (It's seriously a regular old exit door like you'd find in any office building). They go through and now they're inside the lab from Thomas dreams and memories. All the scientists are dead. A video starts to play.The woman from earlier identifies herself as Ava Paige and tells the kids that they don't remember this but there was global devastation by something called the Flare. She was part of a controversial group called The World Catastrophe Killzone Department (WCKD), that believed that in testing the kids they could monitor their brains and find a cure. While she speaks, behind her guerrilla soldiers rush in and start killing other scientists. She tells them she's glad they passed the first test and reminds them that Wicked is good. Before signing off, Paige shoots herself in the head.A door opens leading outside. Before anyone can leave, Gally shows up. He has a gun. He says that they all belong in the Glade. He goes to shoot Thomas, but Chuck jumps in front of the bullet. Gally gets stabbed in the chest with a knife. Chuck hands the, now bloody, statue to Thomas and dies.A group, who looks like the guerrilla soldiers from the video, rush in and takes the kids outside to waiting helicopters. At first it looks like they're in the desert, but we pull out to reveal that they're outside what used to be a city. Buildings are destroyed and everything is covered in sand. They fly over the maze and the Glade and no one asks why the helicopters just didn't land inside the Glade and rescue the kids there instead.In the final shot, it is shown that Paige is alive and wiping fake blood off her head. She says that the kids have taken the bait. More kids survived than she anticipated. The Maze was a success, and now phase 2 can begin as the helicopter flies away to the city of ruins.To be continued...
tags: mystery,  murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  action,  suspenseful, 

title: Martyrs
synopsis: Lucie (Jessie Pham), who has been missing for over a year, is found hysterical by the side of the road. She leads police to the derelict slaughterhouse where evidence suggests she was held captive. Although there is no evidence of sexual abuse, Lucie bears the signs of repeated injury and neglect. Traumatized and uncommunicative, Lucie is unable to tell the authorities anything further about her time in captivity or the people who kept her there.Over time, Lucie makes friends with Anna (Erika Scott), another girl in the youth home where she lives. Anna looks after Lucie and eventually gains her trust. Lucie appears to be haunted by something or someone - a shadowy, rasping female figure (Isabelle Chasse) who apparently mutilates Lucie. After one such episode, Lucie makes Anna promise not to tell anyone about the creature haunting Lucie. Meanwhile, with the help of the doctor (Tony Robinow), the police even questions Anna, so as to know whether Lucie has communicated something to her. Anna says that Lucie cannot usually remeber anything about her captivity period.At this point, the film moves ahead 15 years, and shifts its attention to the Belfond family. Mom (Patricia Tulasne) is fixing a sewer line in the yard, Dad (Robert Toupin) is making breakfast, and son Antoine (Xavier Dolan) and daughter Marie (Juliette Gosselin) are wrestling over a love note Antoine received. As everyone sits down to breakfast, the doorbell rings - it's Lucie (Mylène Jampanoï), who shoots the father to death with a shotgun. The mother follows in short order, and then Lucie hesitates, asking Antoine how old he is and if he knew what his parents have done. When she doesn't get an answer, she kills Antoine. Marie hides upstairs, but Lucie finds her and kills her as well. Panicked, Lucie calls Anna (Morjana Alaoui) at a public phone to come and help her. Lucie claims she has done it. Anna, shocked at hearing what Lucie says asks if she's sure these are the people who kidnapped her. Lucie confirms and they complete their phone call. Lucie's creature reappears and tries to attack Lucie some more. Lucie explains that she's killed them, and so the creature can leave her alone now. The creature continues to attack her. Lucie escapes the creature out of the house and runs straight into Anna.Lucie frightened tells Anna not to go into the house as she's still in there. Anna says she has to and heads inside. She is horrified at the sight of what Lucie has done to the Belfond family. After nearly throwing up she starts working on moving the bodies. Lucie falls asleep in the daughter's bedroom and wakes to strange noises in the house. She sees Anna burying the bodies outside. Anna returns inside to collect another body and takes a break in the room they have moved the bodies to. She then discovers the mother is still alive. The mother yells awaking Lucie again. Lucie heads downstairs to check on Anna. Anna attempts to hide the fact the mother is still alive and takes the daughter's body outside. She then hears Lucie screaming from inside as the creature resumes its assault. After escaping the creature again flashbacks reveal that the it is a woman who was being tortured in the same building as Lucie.Anna then attempts to smuggle the living mother out of the house. Lucie hears this as the mother screams in pain and escapes the room Anna has locked her in. As Anna is getting the mother near to the exit Lucie arrives and beats the mother to death with a hammer. This is followed by one more attempt to placate the creature, as Lucie shows the creature that the mother is dead. The creature embraces her gently, and begins to cut into her arms. Anna sees Lucie cutting herself - the creature is something Lucie is hallucinating. Lucie runs from the creature crashing through the glass entry way to the Belfond house. When Lucie was able to escape, she had an opportunity to take the woman with her, but did not and has been haunted by it ever since. In a fit of rage and sadness, Lucie cuts her own throat.Anna brings Lucie's body into the house, cleans it and wraps it in cloth. In cleaning up the house, she notices a hole in the wall behind a cabinet. Anna opens the cabinet and discovers a hidden staircase leading down. Anna discovers an underground complex decorated with pictures of people in extreme suffering. Exploring further, Anna discovers another woman, naked and chained to a wall with a metal blindfold riveted to her head. She frees the woman and takes her upstairs. Anna attempts to bathe the woman and she resists, and after Anna removes the blindfold, the woman runs off, finds a knife and begins to mutilate herself, attempting to cut off her arm.As Anna tries to stop the woman, the woman is killed by a shotgun blast. A group of people have entered the house, and they take Anna down into the hidden complex. An older woman -referred to only as Mademoiselle (Catherine Bégin) - explains to Anna that they are not interested in victims, but martyrs - the act of martyrdom brings about transcendence and the possibility of seeing into the afterlife. They are, in essence, creating martyrs through systematic abuse in the hopes of learning what lies after death from their accounts as they achieve transcendence. They kidnap young women because young women seem to be especially likely to achieve a transcendent state. Anna is then rendered unconscious.Anna wakes up chained to a chair similar to the one discovered in the building where Lucie was kept. She is fed some sort of unpleasant gruel and methodically beaten. This goes on for several days until a badly battered Anna loses the will to resist. She hears Lucie's voice in her head, telling her that it is going to be okay, that she won't suffer much longer. Anna is then brought to an operating theater, where she is strapped into a rotating rack and flayed.A now-skinless Anna is hung by a rack under hot lights. The people attending her remark on her considerable resilience, noting that she is still alive. The woman feeding Anna notices something about her has changed, and she calls Mademoiselle to tell her that Anna is close to transcendence. Mademoiselle hurries over and arrives in time for Anna to give her an account of what she had witnessed.The next day, a large number of wealthy older people arrive at the house, and Mademoiselle's assistant, called Etienne (Jean-Marie Moncelet), announces that Anna - only one of four young women to successfully achieve martyrdom - was the first to provide an account of the world beyond life, and Mademoiselle was present to hear her account and would be sharing it with the assembled people shortly.Mademoiselle appears to be getting ready as Etienne speaks to her through the door, asking if the announcement means that Anna saw something, and Mademoiselle says that she did, and it was clear and precise. Mademoiselle asks Etienne if he could imagine life after death. Etienne says he could not. Inside, Mademoiselle is sitting on the edge of a bathtub, where she takes a gun out of her purse. She calls to Etienne and tells him to continue doubting before shooting herself in the head.The movie ends with Anna, lying in some sort of medicated bath in the underground complex, looking at something very far away, fading to black, and a definition of martyr which indicates the derivation from the Greek word for witness.
tags: psychological,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  atmospheric,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Saw
synopsis: The film begins with photographer Adam Faulkner (Leigh Whannell) waking up in a bathtub filled with water. In his instinctive flailing, his foot catches and removes its plug; as the water drains a glowing blue object can be briefly seen to be washed away with it. After a few cries for help it is revealed that he is not, in fact, alone. Surgeon Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) is on the other side of the same room, and soon finds the switch to turn on the lights.Both men are inside a grimy, dilapidated industrial bathroom, chained to pipes at opposite corners of the room. Between them, out of their reach, is a body lying in a pool of blood, holding a revolver and a microcassette recorder. Both men discover envelopes in their pockets which contain microtapes; Gordon also holds a bullet and a key that does not unlock their shackles. Adam, with Lawrence's help, manages to snag the player from the body with which they play their tapes. Both tapes have the same voice, distorted by a pitch modulator. Adam's tape refers to him as a voyeur and asks, Are you going to watch yourself die, or do something about it? Gordon's tape reveals he must kill Adam before six o'clock (within seven hours as evident by a clock on the wall), or his wife and daughter will die and he will be left in the bathroom, presumably forever to starve to death. Let the game begin... the voice concludes. Hacksaws are soon discovered in the toilet tank; neither is sufficiently sharp to cut chain, and Adam accidentally snaps his in frustration. Dr. Gordon realizes that the saws are meant instead for their own ankles, which, if sawed through, would free them from their shackles.The film then presents flashbacks of their captor's previous victims: Paul and Mark. Both men failed to escape, and hence had pieces of skin cut from them in the shape of a jigsaw puzzle piece; thus the genesis for referring to him as the Jigsaw Killer by the detectives Tapp (Danny Glover), Sing (Ken Leung) and Kerry (Dina Meyer) who investigate the murders. Back in the bathroom, Dr. Gordon comments that they are dealing with a misnomer, as the killer never directly murders his victims nor places them in situations where death is unavoidable. In yet another flashback we are shown the police interrogation (with Dr. Gordon witnessing behind a window) of Jigsaw's only known survivor, a highly traumatized heroin addict named Amanda Young (Shawnee Smith), who believes that her experience in the test has made her a better person in the end.After a brief sequence where Adam and Dr. Gordon discover a hidden camera, another flashback sequence shows Gordon's last moments with his family, and their subsequent abduction. Another flashback shows an attempt by Tapp and Sing illegally breaking and entering into what turns out to be one of Jigsaw's lairs. The two discover a man tied to a chair with two drills mounted on each side. Before the Detectives can secure Jigsaw's arrest, he starts the drills. While Tapp subdues Jigsaw, Sing attempts to save Jeff. Though Jigsaw helpfully points out a box that contains the key to release Jeff, the box in question is seemingly endlessly filled with keys; Sing shoots the drills instead, but the gunshots distract Tapp long enough for Jigsaw to escape, who slashes and permanently scars Tapp's throat in the process. While Tapp recovers from his deep knife wound, Sing pursues Jigsaw and is killed by multiple shotguns set on a tripwire.His partner's death has a permanent effect on Tapp, and what was already an unhealthy fascination with the case deepens into an obsession that leads to him being discharged from the police force. Convinced from a piece of evidence from earlier in the film that Dr. Gordon is the Jigsaw killer, Tapp moves into a house across the street from Gordon's and monitors it with video surveillance.Back in the bathroom, Gordon (with assistance from Adam) discovers a box holding cigarettes, a lighter and a note suggesting he dip a cigarette in poisoned blood from the body and uses it to kill Adam. Gordon and Adam attempt to fool the camera by faking Adam's death with the un-poisoned cigarette, but a strong electric shock is sent through Adam's chain, proving Adam to still be alive. The box also contains a cell phone which cannot make calls, but receives one from his wife Alison (Monica Potter), who tells Gordon that Adam knows more than he is revealing. Adam explains that he had been paid by Detective Tapp to spy on Gordon, and has witnessed him going to a hotel with the intention of cheating on his wife. In fact, Gordon left the hotel before doing anything, but this is between Gordon and the other woman, Carla (one of the med students to which Gordon had been explaining the condition of a cancer patient of his, John Kramer), and no mention is made of possible previous encounters. In the pile of Adam's photographs which he hid from view of Gordon when found with the hacksaws, the two find a photograph of an orderly at Gordon's hospital named Zep, seen through Gordon's window after he left the house. Just as this realization is made, however, the hour of six PM strikes.Alison manages to free herself and take control of Zep's handgun, however she is soon overpowered. Shots are fired, which attract the attention of Tapp, who wounds Zep. He is unable to keep him from leaving the house, however, intent on killing Gordon; who is only aware of the sounds of screaming and gunshots. Flung into a state of desperate temporary insanity, he follows his instructions by sawing off his foot and shooting Adam with the revolver held by the body in the middle of the room and the bullet found in his envelope.Zep arrives, pursued by Tapp, however Zep manages to shoot Tapp fatally. He then enters the bathroom but tells Gordon he's too late, because it's the rules. Adam recovers from his gunshot wound, which was in fact non-fatal, and kills Zep with the toilet tank lid. Gordon crawls away to seek medical attention, promising to return with help.Adam searches Zep for a key to his chain and instead finds another micro-cassette player. As the climatic theme of the series, Hello Zep, begins, the tape informs Adam, that Zep was also following instructions under pain of death. As soon as Jigsaw's familiar voice ceases, the body lying in the center of the bathroom lets out a long breath. As Adam watches, his face frozen in horror, the dead man peels off the latex that gave the appearance of his head wound and then slowly rises to his feet. He is John Kramer (Tobin Bell), a terminal brain cancer patient of Gordon's; he is seen, briefly, in the same flashback where Zep is (equally briefly) introduced. Jigsaw/John Kramer, whose voice is in fact quite weak, informs Adam that the key to his chain was in the bathtub all along; a quick flashback replays the opening scene of the movie, where an object is seen to disappear down the drain with the water.Adam reaches for a gun to shoot John, but is stunned with electricity, triggering an extended flashback sequence that runs through the vital shots of the movie in roughly 30 seconds. Just before he flicks off the lights in the bathroom for the last time, John repeats a line he said to Amanda immediately after she escaped: Most people are so ungrateful to be alive. But not you. Not anymore. John then shouts: Game Over! before slamming the door shut, sealing Adam in the bathroom forever, screaming his despair over the end credits.
tags: mystery,  gothic,  murder,  psychological,  cult,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  clever,  insanity,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Ultimo mondo cannibale
synopsis: A light aircraft is flying over spectacular jungle terrain. On board is oil prospector Robert Harper (Massimo Foschi), his business partner Ralph (Ivan Rossimov), the pilot Charlie (Sheik Razak Shikur), and a young lady named Swan (Judy Rosly). There is much talk about inhospitable and harsh the jungle is which is apparently Malaysia. They are on their way to visit a oil prospecting party which has set up camp there.Upon landing, they find the area abandoned. They soon discover a native weapon covered with blood. Ralph is concerned, exclaiming that the weapon indicates the people who raided the camp are; worse then natives. Judging the way this was made, they're still living in the stone age. Harper wonders into the jungle, while Ralph follows him and they both get lost. During their trek through the jungle, they discover the partially-decomposed corpse of one of the prospectors. Harper and Ralph manage to return to the airstrip where the seriousness of their predicament becomes apparently. But since they wondered off, it is too late for them to take off for darkness comes and they decide to sit out the night in the plane.Later that night, Swan unwisely decides to leave the plane so she can relive herself in the nearby bushes. She is captured by several unseen natives. The three men are all too scared to help even though they hear her screams, convincing themselves that they should stay put for the night and look for her in the morning when it is daylight.The next morning, Harper, Ralph, and Charlie set out into the jungle to look for Swan. Within minutes, Charlie springs a native trap and is horribly impaled by a spiked ball. Momentarily losing his mind at the sight of his dead friend, Harper runs blindly into the jungle followed by Ralph. This time, they really do get hopelessly lost. After witnessing a group of native warriors eating the remains of Swan, the two men continue on and come across a river. They decide to make a raft to float downstream and hopefully make it back towards the airstrip. During the ride, their raft overturns on some rocks, and Harper is left alone as he grabs onto a shore rock as Ralph is swept away by the current.Over the next day-and-a-half, Harper wonders aimlessly through the trackless and inhospitable jungle dealing with insects, snakes, and other wildlife. Desperately hungry, he unwisely gorges himself on mushrooms, starts to hallucinate and soon passes out. When he wakes up, he finds himself surrounded by dozens of long-haired, savage natives, warily poking their spears at him. The natives take the captive Harper back to their camp which is a huge cave dwelling place.The savage natives tie up Harper where they strip him naked, and string him up in a harness and hoist him into the heights of the misty cave. Having seen him arrive by airplane, the natives apparently believe that he has the power to fly, so they let him freefall 60 or more feet before he is abruptly halted by the harness and rope device to which he is attached to. His painful ordeal continues again and again until he passes out, while the natives wave their arms and hoot hellishly.Over the next several days, Harper is imprisoned in a cage and forced to watch the natives and their lifestyle. He is fed dead and rotting small animals, as well as subjected to further torture and humiliation. Harper watches the natives bring a captive warrior from a rival tribe and have him slowly killed by tying the warrior's arm to an army ant hill where they ants slowly eat the captive warrior alive.Harper befriends one of the very few women of the tribe, a native woman who, despite the language barrier, introduces herself as Pulan (Me Me Lai). But she is held in check by Harper's guards who forbid her from talking to their prisoner. Harper soon becomes clear at what the natives have in store for him: they apparently want to use him as bait to catch a very large meal like a crocodile the natives catch after using a bird to catch their prey. He is forced to watch the natives kill, skin, and eat the crocodile among other various animals from a python to a tree monkey.One evening, Harper decides to make his move. He tricks Pulan into opening his cage, and then grabs her as well as bludgeoning the guard watching him. Harper escapes from the cave with Pulan as a hostage/guide. When she tries to escape, he attacks and savagely rapes her, cementing their bond. Being violated, Pulan apparently decides, by her tribe's custom, to become his companion and servant.One day during a sudden rainstorm, Harper and Pulan come across a cave, and find Ralph, who is alive and well and been hiding out from the natives this entire time. However, Ralph's mobility is impaired by a festering leg wound which he got during the overturning of their raft. Both men decide to force Pulan to lead them back to the airstrip to their plane so they can return home. The next day, the three of them set off as Ralph explains more about jungle survival. At one point, Ralph ensnares a cobra, milks its venom, and applies it to the end of Harper's makeshift lance.Pulan's hesitation about traveling through cannibal country is soon justified when they are surrounded by dozens of natives. In the chase, Ralph is hit in the chest by a spear, while Pulan is also hit and falls prey to her fellow native people and quickly killed. Harper is forced to help Ralph along as Pulan is gorily beheaded, sliced open, and gutted. Hot coals are place into her gaping chest cavity and her flesh is eaten.By the time the cannibals catch up to the two men, who make it to the river, Ralph is weakening fast from his fresh wound and can no longer defend himself. So, Harper is forced to fight against one of the cannibal natives. Harper kills his opponent by stabbing him with the poisoned lance. His assimilation into the savage ways of the jungle is completed when in devastating fashion, he disembowels his foe, pulls out an internal organ, and eats in front of the native warriors who watch the whole thing. Following this show of strength, the intimidated natives slowly back away and allow Harper to continue on his journey, carrying his barely conscious friend with him.Harper and Ralph finally follow a track from the river and make it back at the airstrip with the plane still sitting in its place. As the natives look on from a respective distance, Harper places Ralph in back of the plane, starts up and engine and takes off, finally free from his ordeal. But in the back seat, Ralph after hearing from Harper that they have made it and are on their way home, kneels over and dies having succumbed to his wounds.
tags: violence,  horror,  cruelty,  murder, 

title: Lo squartatore di New York
synopsis: An old man is walking his dog in New York City when the dog retrieves a decomposed human hand. It is identified by the police as belonging to Ann-Lynne, a local prostitute. Lieutenant Fred Williams (Jack Hedley), the burned-out police detective investigating the murder, interviews the young woman's nosy and obnoxious landlady, Mrs. Weissburger (Babette New), who tells him that during her daily spying and eavesdropping on her tenants, she overheard the girl last week over the phone arranging to meet a man who spoke with a strange, duck-like voice.
Meanwhile, a young woman (Cinzia de Ponti) rides her bicycle down Manhattan to the Staten Island Ferry at Battery Park. After an altercation with a boorish motorist driving a red Volkswagen, whose car she accidentally scratched riding her bicycle, she rides onto the boat with the man yelling misogynist slurs at her. When the ferry is underway, the young woman sneaks into the car-bay and begins vandalizing the man's car, but she is interrupted by an unseen figure. Introducing herself as Rosie, she tries to engage the man in a conversation. But the figure adopts a grotesque 'Donald Duck' voice and brutally murders her with a switchblade, slashing open her right breast and stabbing in the lower abdomen and disemboweling her, then leaving her body to be discovered when the ferry docks at Staten Island. At the morgue, Lt. Williams talks to Barry Jones the pathologist (Giordano Falzoni), who believes he recognizes the style of the killing and links it to Ann-Lynne, as well as a similar case in Harlem the previous month.
Having informed the press that a serial killer is at large, Williams is visited at the station by New York's chief of police (Lucio Fulci). Williams' skeptical superior tells him not to make any further public announcements about the case to avoid starting a city-wide panic. Soon after the police chief leaves, Williams is notified that a man sounding like a duck phoned while he was out at the press conference wanting to speak with him. Williams travels to Columbia University where he meets with a brilliant young psychotherapy professor named Dr. Paul Davis (Paolo Malco) for help in creating a profile of the killer.
That night in New York's red-light district, Jane Lodge (Alexandra Delli Colli), an attractive, well-dressed woman in a chic raincoat and derby hat, attends a live sex show and records the simulated moans and groans of the two performers with a pocket tape recorder. A scruffy, dangerous looking man (Howard Ross), with two fingers missing from his right hand and sitting in the same row with her, observes what she is doing. After the show has ended, the female performer (Zora Kerova) retires backstage to her dressing room only to find it totally dark. Hearing a noise, she opens a closet door and is brutally attacked by the maniac, who disembowels her by shoving a broken and jagged liquor bottle from her crotch to her abdomen. Later that night, at the home of Kitty (Daniela Doria), a prostitute regularly visited by Williams, he receives a taunting phone call from the duck-voiced killer saying that he has killed again.
The next day, Jane shows her latest tape recording to her husband Dr. Lodge (Laurence Welles), who has agreed to support their open-marriage. Jane goes to a bar in a rough neighborhood where she's approached by two Hispanic bar punks who proceed to fondle and sexually humiliate her right at the bar. After being taken advantage of, the emotionally troubled Jane runs out and drives away.
That night, Fay Majors (Almanta Keller), a casually dressed young woman is riding alone on a late-night subway train when she gets menaced by the same ominous man from the live sex theater. Fleeing from the perceived threat, she runs off the train, through the deserted subway station, and onto the street where she gets attacked in a dark alley by the quacking maniac, who brutally stabs her in the leg and slashes her hands and arms as she tries to defend herself. Limping away, Fay stumbles through a doorway into a seedy apartment building where she closes and locks the door behind her so the killer will not follow. Fay passes out from the loss of blood, and then realty and illusion blur: Fay is sitting alone in a dark movie theater watching cartoons when she attacked and killed by a different, handsome young man who slashes her neck with a straight razor. Fay wakes up in the hospital the morning after when the same man visits her in her room. The man is revealed to be her physicist boyfriend Peter Bunch (Andrew Painter), who is relieved that she has survived the attack. Lt. Williams and Dr. Davis visit Fay where she tells them about her attacker who was missing two fingers from his right hand. Williams and Davis both conclude that this is the killer since all forensic evidence points to the killer being left-handed.
Somewhere in night-time New York, the owner of his mutilated right hand picks up Jane and takes her to a sleazy hotel room for bondage sex. He ties up the semi-nude woman to the bed. The S&M game she has willingly begun turns nasty when he begins to beat her. Then the man turns up the radio loud while it plays Berto Pisano's Tic nervoso and makes a muttered phone-call, describing the bound woman to someone on the other line as she's right up your perverted alley.  A little later, while the man sleeps, Jane overhears a radio DJ describing the killer, whom the press has now dubbed, 'the New York Ripper' and missing two fingers from his right hand. Jane carefully and quietly unties herself from the bed and flees into the hotel hallway, only to be killed by the real New York Ripper who stabs her to death just as she tries to make for the exit at the end of the hall.
Williams arrives at the scene of the crime where the police find Jane's tape recordings of the sex shows and of her 'master. ' Learning from witnesses, Williams discovers that the identity of the man is Mickey Scellenda, a Greek immigrant with a history of sexual assault and drug abuse. Williams and the police step up the search for Scellenda after raiding his apartment, finding photographs of most of the Ripper victims and huge stashes of pornography and drug paraphernalia. Williams also pays a visit to Dr. Lodge to inform him of his wife's murder. Dr. Lodge tearfully defends his open marriage which gets him a sneering response from the moralistic Williams.
Meanwhile, Dr. Davis begins to express doubt to the killer's identity for Mickey Scellenda is only a petty criminal with a low intelligence quotient, not the high intelligence that Davis has established in profiling the New York Ripper. Davis then buys a gay porn magazine at a local newsstand (revealing his repressed homosexuality), and pays a visit to Peter and Fay at their house to ask them more questions about Fay's experience. Something about their story arouses his professional suspicious. That evening, after Peter goes out, Fay is attacked in their house by Scellenda who breaks in trying to kill her. But she is saved when Peter returns, and the man flees.
A few days later, Williams gets another taunting phone call from the New York Ripper, who wants to dedicate a murder to him. Williams and the police put a trace on the line and race to the location, only to find that the killer has set up a two-way radio to a remote phone booth, while he is presently in the home of Kitty, the young prostitute favored by Williams, brutally torturing her by slowly applying a razorblade to her bare chest and her face. Williams races to Kitty's apartment, but is too late as the killer has fled, leaving behind Kitty's horribly maimed corpse to be discovered.
Some time later, the dead body of Mickey Scellenda is found having committed suicide from self-suffocation. When Dr. Barry Jones informs Williams that Scellenda was dead for the last eight days, four days before Kitty's murder, Williams finally realizes that they have been tailing the wrong man. Williams relays this to Professor Davis, who is both delighted and disappointed with the news. Davis explains that with Scellenda eliminated as a suspect, his original idea to the killer's identity is confirmed; a misogynist psychopath who used Scellenda to throw the police off his trail.
Fay is shown visiting a hospital where Peter has a child from a previous marriage, a little girl named Suzy, who is dying from a rare bone disorder that has led to the amputation of her left arm and right leg. Visiting the hospital, Williams and Davis observe little Suzy in her hospital bed and decide to race over to Peter and Fay's place to arrest both of them. At Peter and Fay's house, one of them gets a phone call from a duck-voiced person, while the other one overhears. When Peter goes into the kitchen for dinner, Fay has disappeared. Going upstairs to Suzy's bedroom, Fay jumps out of the darkness at Peter while stabbing him with a kitchen knife. Suddenly, Peter rises, quacking like a duck, and struggles with Fay in which they both tumble down the stairs. Just as Peter grabs the knife away from Fay and about to stab her, Williams runs in and literally blasts Peter's face off with one shot from his gun. In the ambulance, Davis explains to Fay her deranged boyfriend's motivation for killing. His hatred of sexually active women stemmed from bitterness at the cruel blow fate had dealt his young daughter, who will never enjoy the freedoms of his despised victims. After leaving the scene, the phone in the now-deserted house rings again. In her hospital bed, little Suzy is calling out for her father, pleading to him to answer her call, as her voice is drowned out beneath the indifferent traffic of the city.
tags: dark,  grindhouse film,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: What Lies Beneath
synopsis: Claire Spencer (Michelle Pfeiffer) lives in Vermont with her husband Dr. Norman Spencer (Harrison Ford), an accomplished scientist. After dropping her daughter Caitlin (Katharine Towne) off at college, Claire begins to notice the activities of the couple who have moved into the house next door, the Feurs.
Overhearing Mary Feur (Miranda Otto) sobbing one day, Claire becomes concerned when Mary tells her she is afraid she may disappear. When she sees Mary's husband Warren (James Remar), a colleague of Norman's at the college, dragging a suspicious form in the middle of the night and putting it in the trunk of his car, she suspects he has killed Mary. Claire decides to investigate. After nobody answers the door, Claire soon witnesses strange occurrences when she is alone in the house and becomes convinced that Mary is dead and haunting her. Desperate to reach Mary's spirit, Claire invites her friend Jody (Diana Scarwid) to join her for a séance in her bathroom. Although the séance provides no results, after Jody leaves, Claire finds a message in the bathroom's mirror that reads You know. Hysterical, Claire rushes to the college to confront Warren, but is surprised to see that Mary is with him and has been alive the entire time. Mary visits her the next day and apologizes for the misunderstanding, explaining that she briefly left her husband because of their volatile fights with each other. Claire begins to see a therapist at the urging of Norman, who worries that her mental state is declining because of Caitlin's departure and a car accident Claire suffered a year earlier.
Despite the resolution with the Feurs, Claire continues to experience strange phenomena in her house. She sees the ghostly image of a woman in the lake from her dock, and finds a silver key beneath the screen of a floor vent. After a picture falls and breaks, Claire notices a newspaper clipping about a missing girl named Madison Elizabeth Frank (Amber Valletta). She learns that Madison attended the university where Norman works, and that the police assumed she simply ran away a year ago. Norman comes home and Claire seduces him as Madison during the tryst, causing Norman to push her away. Claire comes to herself and the memory of her own car accident returns as she remembers that she had caught Norman and Madison together. Distraught by the discovery, she had crashed her car into a tree while driving in a rain storm.
Outraged by Norman's infidelity, Claire spends the night with Jody, who confirms to Claire that she too had her suspicions of Norman's infidelity when she spotted him with the girl in the nearby town of Adamant. The next morning Claire is called by the police, after Norman is nearly electrocuted by a hair dryer that fell into the bathtub while he was taking a shower. Claire is convinced that it was an attempt by Madison to take revenge, and that her spirit has now been appeased. Norman confesses to Claire that while he did have an affair with the girl, he played no part in her disappearance.
Seemingly reconciled with Norman, Claire visits Adamant, where she spots the same key-necklace in a shop window along with a chest it unlocks. That night, she dives into the lake and uncovers the box, unlocking it with the key and finding the matching necklace. Norman interrupts her and alters his story: after breaking off his affair with Madison she was so distraught that she committed suicide by overdosing on pills in the Spencer house. In a panic, he placed Madison's body into her car, which he then pushed into the lake, and threw the chest with his matching necklace in it into the lake as well.
Claire is unmoved by Norman's explanation and tells him the only way to make it right is to notify the police and bring Madison's body up from the lake. Norman pretends to speak with the police on the phone and agrees for an officer to come to the house. When he leaves to take a shower, Claire redials the phone and discovers that he never placed the call. Norman grabs her from behind and sedates her with a paralyzing drug. He drags her to the bathtub and leaves her to drown in the rising water, so that she will appear to have committed suicide. In the midst of this Norman then confesses to Claire that his previous story had been a lie: he killed Madison to prevent her from going to the Dean about the affair and ruining his career. He intimates that he hopes Claire's death will bring him closer to her daughter Caitlin. As he leans in for a final kiss, he spots Madison's necklace around Claire's neck and tries to remove it. Claire's face takes on the image of the dead Madison, and in shock Norman slips on the floor and bangs his head on the rim of the tub, knocking him out.
Claire, recovering from the paralysis, barely manages to shut the tap off and save herself from drowning. When she regains her strength she finds that Norman is missing from the bathroom floor. She crawls down the stairs to the phone, and notices Norman apparently unconscious, his head bleeding profusely. As she reaches over him and attempts to make a phone call, he grabs her ankle and in a blind panic she rushes out of the house, grabbing the car keys and a cellular phone and driving away in a truck with the couple's sailboat hitched to the back. As she is crossing the bridge over Lake Champlain, Norman bursts through the back window and grabs Claire; she frantically dials 911 and the truck careens down the embankment into the lake.
Underwater, Claire escapes out the window, but Norman grabs her leg. A ghost-like decaying body, grabs Norman and forces him to release Claire's leg, allowing Claire to escape. Norman drowns while staring into the dead face of the woman he killed. Madison's body floats to the surface of the lake as the truck dislodges Madison's own sports car.
That winter, Claire places a single red rose on Madison's grave.
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  haunting,  revenge, 

title: Gremlins
synopsis: Kingston Falls is a small, economically depressed town in the northeastern U.S. that had been hit hard by the loss of jobs in the 70s and 80s. Many of the people were out of work. One such person was Rand Peltzer, a middle-aged man who we see in Chinatown in New York looking for a Christmas present for his son Billy as the movie opens. Rand had become an inventor of dubious skills. He made a little money selling his usually-unreliable inventions, but it was Billy, who had a job as a bank teller, who was keeping the family just barely above water.
Rand hoped to sell one of his inventions to the proprietor of a junk store in Chinatown, but he became interested in a little furry creature he found in the back. The elderly proprietor refused to sell the creature, but his teenage grandson, knowing that their family also was desperate for money, sold the creature to Rand without his grandfather's knowledge or consent. The boy told Rand three important rules for care of the creature, but did not elaborate on why they were important.We then meet Billy, who can't get his car started one cold December morning. He gives up after awhile, and talks to his friend Pete, and then to another family friend, Mr. Futterman, who had also lost his job some while back. Mr. Futterman knows that American goods, which he produced a few years earlier, are built like a tank and the best in the world, and he is highly distrustful of cheaper, lower-quality imports (including Billy's car) that cost him his job. Billy goes to his job at the bank on foot, his dog Barney in tow, and just barely makes it on time.While he is at work, he is visited by Mrs. Deagle, a bitter, mean-spirited old woman who owns much property in town, and her stranglehold on it exacerbates many of the people's financial distress. Mrs. Deagle tells Billy that his dog destroyed one of her lawn ornaments, but would rather have the dog put down than be paid for the damages. The dog, sensing that something is up, jumps out from under Billy's desk and frightens Mrs. Deagle. The bank manager, Mr. Corbin, yells at Billy for bringing his dog to work, but lets him keep his job.After work, Billy stops by the bar, where he sees one of his co-workers, Kate, whom he is interested in romantically, has a part time side job at the bar. He returns home and talks to his mother, just before his father Rand, gets home from his trip to Chinatown. Rand has the creature, a mogwai, which he has named Gizmo, and since a living creature can't wait until Christmas, Rand gives him the present a few days early. After the flash from a camera frightens the creature, Rand remembers to tell his son the three rules: The creature did not like bright light and would be killed by sunlight. They must never give the creature any water, either to drink or a bath. And they must never feed it after midnight.The next day, Billy sees his friend Pete again, and they play with Gizmo, but Pete accidentally knocks over a glass of water and gets Gizmo wet. Gizmo goes into convulsions and five tiny furballs pop out of his back. The furballs grow, and a few minutes later, they develop into creatures just like Gizmo: he has reproduced. He goes to tell his father about it, and his father immediately starts thinking about how he might make money selling them. Pete wants to take a creature home, but Billy thought it best to take one to the local school and have the science teacher examine it first. Once there, he puts a single drop of water on the creature, and one new creature emerges. The teacher, fascinated, keeps it for examination, and Billy leaves.Billy discovers that the new creatures' personalities are markedly different from Gizmo's. Gizmo is friendly and playful, but the new creatures are mean, nasty, and destructive. One of them has a white mohawk, which Billy names Stripe, is the leader of the new pack. Stripe tries to bite Billy's hand when he goes to pet it. That evening, Billy finds his dog Barney hanging from some Christmas lights outside. He immediately suspects Mrs. Deagle, but there were no footprints anywhere outside. Rand tells Billy that he would take Barney with him when he goes to an upcoming inventors' convention, where he hoped to peddle his wares some more.Later, Billy stops by the bar again, and sees Kate persuade a very drunk, dejected Mr. Futterman to walk home instead of driving. Billy walks Kate home, and on the way, she tells him that she dislikes Christmas, but gets defensive when he asks why. Just as they arrive at Kate's place, Billy asks her out, and she accepts.
That night, Billy is reading and the creatures are clamoring to be fed. He looks over at the clock: it's 11:35, so Billy goes and gets the creatures some fried chicken, which all the creatures devour, except Gizmo, who refuses. Meanwhile, at the school, the science teacher antagonizes the creature in his care by performing blood tests on it. After working well into the night, the teacher leaves around 2:20 a.m. He left half a sandwich on the table, which the creature can reach from his cage, and eats it.The next day is Christmas Eve. In the morning, Rand has left with Barney for the convention. Billy asks his mother to come upstairs and look. All of the creatures have disappeared, except Gizmo. They have been replaced by soccer-ball sized cocoons, which appear inert. His mother asks if he fed them after midnight, and Billy looks over at the clock - which still reads 11:35. He checks it and discovers that the wires were deliberately chewed up, so it really was after midnight when he fed them. Oops!In the afternoon, Rand Peltzer calls home from the convention. It was out of his league, the inventors there are far more advanced than he was, so he was going to come home early, and would be in late that night. Meanwhile, Billy and Pete meet the science teacher at the school, where the creature there has undergone a similar transformation. The teacher refers to it as the pupal stage. Afterward, the bell rings and the teacher wishes his departing students a merry Christmas and he would see them after winter break. Just around that time, the cocoons start to hatch. At the Peltzer house, a terrified Gizmo takes refuge inside a football helmet. The teacher calls Billy at the bank, telling him they've hatched, and Billy, who is just getting off work, runs to the school. There he finds that the creature has killed the teacher and shoved his syringe (from the blood tests) into his butt. Immediately alarmed, he reaches for the phone, but a clawed hand rises up and bats him away. He follows the creature throughout the building, and gets his first look at the now vaguely-reptilian creature when it takes another swipe at him. It isn't much bigger than before, but is even more malicious, and has teeth and razor-sharp claws with which to cause havoc. The creature escapes.Meanwhile, at the Peltzer house, the creatures have pulled Gizmo from his hiding place and are busy torturing him. Billy's mother hears sounds upstairs, and goes up with a knife to investigate. She finds nothing except the five hatched cocoons. Just then, Billy calls her from the school, warning her to leave the house immediately, but one of the creatures disconnects the phone line. Then she hears noises downstairs, goes to investigate and sees the creatures making a mess of the place. Using household items, she kills the creatures one at a time. One of them was eating out of the blender, and she switched it on, killing it. She used cooking spray to make another one retreat into the microwave, which she switched on, causing it to explode. She stabbed a third on the kitchen counter. The fourth one was hiding in the Christmas tree, and it attacked. Billy, who had just run from the school, arrived home and grabbed a sword and killed this creature, sending it headlong into the fireplace. The fifth creature, the one with the mohawk, escaped from the house.Billy grabbed Gizmo and they tracked the creature to the YMCA, where it had broken in. The creature takes another swipe at him, and Billy is just in time to see it jump into the pool, multiplying. Billy, now hopelessly outnumbered, retreats from the YMCA; a few minutes later, thousands of little gremlins emerge.
Billy returns home and takes his mother to see a doctor, for the wounds inflicted by the fourth gremlin. Then he goes to the police station and tries to get the cops to take action, or at least warn people, but the cops think he is drunk. They refuse to do anything. The first calls are coming in about freak accidents and fires caused by the gremlins, and the cops go out to check things out, leaving Billy alone.The gremlins are busy little creatures, and set out to destroy as much as they can. They injure a man who is putting mail in a mailbox, tamper with the electrical grid causing sparks to fly and lights to go on and off all over town. They cause car wrecks by making all the lights at an intersection green. They kill Mrs. Deagle by tampering with her stair-lift, making it go so fast it flings her out an upstairs window. They get into the Futterman's snowplow and use it to demolish half of his house, and they disable the brakes on the police car, so when the cops are going to the Futtermans', they wreck their car. Pete manages to keep the gremlins at bay from his bedroom window.Billy gets in his unreliable car, and this time it starts without any problem. He goes to the bar to check on Kate, who is being held hostage by the gremlins. The gremlins have occupied the bar and are drinking beer, getting drunk, playing cards (and cheating and being caught), breakdancing, playing with the ceiling fans, and tearing stuff up as best as they can. Kate notices that they shrink away from her matches when she tries to light their cigarettes. Quick on the uptake, she picks up a camera and takes their picture, the flash each time making them cringe. She gets to the door, but is confronted by another gremlin wearing sunglasses and holding a gun. Even this gremlin is forced to retreat when the glare of Billy's headlights illuminates the bar's front window. Kate leaves with Billy. Meanwhile, Rand Peltzer is still on his way home. He stops at a gas station to call home again, but can't get through (the line is out). He does manage to bring in a little money by selling one of his inventions, a smokeless ashtray (which actually billows smoke) to the attendant. Barney barks at him, which irritates him - they still have a long drive ahead of them.This time, the car doesn't start, so they have to run for it. They go to the bank, only to find that it too has been vandalized by the gremlins. They can hear small explosions in the distance. Kate says that now she has two reasons to dislike Christmas, and this time she tells Billy the first reason. When she was a little girl, her father disappeared without a trace on Christmas Eve. He didn't turn up on Christmas, either. He was discovered dead several days later in their chimney, where he was dressed as Santa Claus. He had been hoping to surprise Kate, but had slipped and broken his neck, and his body got stuck there.After telling this story, they notice that calm has returned to the town, and all the lights are on. Figuring they must all be some place dark, they go to the local movie theater, where, sure enough, all the gremlins are inside watching Snow White, and loving it. They go to the cellar and turn on the gas, and leave some burning newspapers and towels, intending to destroy the building with the creatures inside it. Just as they're leaving, the gremlins detect their presence, and go after them. Kate and Billy, who still has Gizmo, flee through the back door with the gremlins in hot pursuit, and they manage to barricade the door, trapping the gremlins inside. After a few minutes, the gas leak causes an explosion, and all the gremlins are killed.Not all of them! Kate spots one survivor, Stripe, in the window of a Montgomery Ward's department store. He had left the theater briefly to obtain food, and saw the explosion. Determined not to let Stripe escape, Billy and Kate break into the store. Billy takes a bat and goes to look for Stripe, while Kate gets into the back rooms and starts looking for anything useful, such as lights.Stripe uses items he finds in the store to attack Billy - a tennis ball launcher, a small crossbow, and later, a chainsaw. Kate, in the back room, finds a set of circuit breakers and starts turning stuff on randomly - the background music system, some lights, and a water fountain. Billy is using the bat to defend himself from Stripe's chainsaw when the lights come on, distracting Stripe, who has to retreat.By this time, the first light of dawn is visible in the east. It's Christmas morning. Rand and the dog are finally getting back into town, but Barney barks at the broken window of the store and jumps out of the car and into the store. A cranky Rand parks the car and follows him.Gizmo has left Billy's backpack and is now roaming the store, and he and Barney meet once more. Gizmo has found a toy car to drive around. They finally locate Stripe, who has discovered the water fountain, and also found Montgomery Ward's gun sale counter. Billy rushes into the garden area, with the fountain, only to find Stripe poised to reproduce again. Stripe shoots the gun, but misses. It's Gizmo to the rescue as he drives his toy car up a leaning shovel, flying through the air and striking the window shades. One of the shades rolled up all the way to the top, letting in streaming sunlight directly onto Stripe, killing it. As Billy watches, Stripe melts in a puddle of gunk and falls into the water.Kate and Rand arrive in the room and see the mess. Stripe's decaying body jumps out of the fountain for one last scare, but he can't handle the sunlight, and collapses. They all return home.In the evening, the Peltzers are watching the news about the destruction, where it is described as a series of unexplained accidents and fires. They are confronted by the owner of the Chinese junk shop, who knew exactly where to go once he heard the news. The Chinese man can barely conceal his disgust for television and Western society in general. He returns Rand's $200, and takes Gizmo back with him, but before he goes, he tells Billy that one day, he might be ready to become the creature's caretaker.The movie ends with Rand's voice telling viewers that if they have any unexplained electrical or mechanical problems, they should be alert for gremlins.
tags: cult,  horror,  comedy, 

title: Child's Play
synopsis: Eight years after the Chucky's second demise in the Play Pals factory, The Play Pals company has recovered from bad publicity brought along by Chucky's (voiced by Brad Dourif) murder spree and resumes manufacturing of the Good Guy dolls. The company releases a new line of Good Guy dolls and recycles Chucky's remains. However, the soul of serial killer Charles Lee Ray still inhabits the remains, and Chucky is soon revived. Chucky is unwittingly given to Play Pals' CEO Mr. Sullivan, whom he kills with a variety of toys. He then uses computer records to relocate Andy Barclay (Alex Vincent).
Still troubled by his past encounters with Chucky, 16-year-old Andy Barclay (Justin Whalin) has been sent to Kent Military Academy after having failed to cope in several foster homes. Colonel Cochran (Dakin Matthews), the school's commandant, begrudgingly enrolls Andy, but advises him to forget his fantasies about the doll. Andy befriends cadets Harold Aubrey Whitehurst (Dean Jacobson), Ronald Tyler (Jeremy Sylvers), and Kristin DeSilva (Perrey Reeves), for whom he develops romantic feelings. He also meets Brett C. Shelton (Travis Fine), a lieutenant colonel who routinely bullies the cadets.
Shortly after Andy arrives, Tyler is asked to deliver a package to his room. Tyler realizes that the package contains a Good Guy doll and, excited, takes it to the cellar to open it, only to have Chucky burst free from the package. Remembering the rule that he can possess the first person who learns his true nature (and that with a new body) he tells Tyler his secret, but just as Chucky is about to possess him, they are interrupted by Cochran who takes the doll away. Cochran throws Chucky into a garbage truck, but Chucky escapes by luring the driver into the truck's compactor and crushing him. That night, Chucky attacks Andy and tells him his plans for taking over Tyler's soul. Before Andy can attack Chucky, Shelton comes in and takes the doll from him. Andy tries to get the doll back by sneaking into Shelton's room, but Shelton catches him in the act. Upon realizing the doll has vanished, Shelton suspects it stolen and forces all the cadets to do exercises in the courtyard as punishment.
Andy unsuccessfully tries to warn Tyler about Chucky. At one point, Chucky lures Tyler into playing hide-and-seek in Cochran's office, where he attempts to possess Tyler again. However, they are interrupted by De Silva and, moments later, Cochran himself. When the cadets leave, Cochran is suddenly confronted by a knife-wielding Chucky. The resulting shock causes Cochran to suffer a fatal heart attack. Chucky later kills the cruel camp barber Sergeant Botnick (Andrew Robinson) by slashing his throat with a razor.
Despite Cochran's death, Sgt. Clark declares that the school's annual war games will proceed as planned, with Andy and Shelton on the same team. However, Chucky secretly replaces the blank paint bullets of the Red team with live ammunition. When the simulation begins, Chucky accosts Tyler. Tyler stabs Chucky with a pocket knife and flees, trying to find Andy. Chucky then attacks Kristin and holds her hostage, attempting to lure the teams into fighting each other to save her. Chucky forces Andy to exchange Kristin for Tyler.
Suddenly, the Red team descends upon the area and obliviously opens fire with their live rounds, with Shelton being killed in the crossfire. Amidst the chaos, Tyler makes a quick getaway, but before giving chase, Chucky tosses a live grenade at the quarreling cadets. Recognizing the danger, Whitehurst bravely leaps on top of the grenade and sacrifices himself to save the others. With no time to mourn his friend, Andy heads off in pursuit of Chucky, with Kristin close behind.
Eventually the chase leads the group into a fake haunted house at a nearby carnival. Tyler tries to get a security guard to help him, but Chucky kills the guard offscreen and kidnaps Tyler. In the ensuing melee, Chucky shoots Kristin in the leg, leaving Andy to fight Chucky alone. When Tyler is inadvertently knocked out, Chucky seizes the opportunity to possess him, but Andy intervenes, shooting him several times. Enraged, Chucky attempts to strangle Andy, but Andy uses Tyler's knife to cut off Chucky's hand, dropping him into a giant fan which mutilates him. Afterwards, Andy is taken away by the police for questioning, while Kristin is rushed to the nearby hospital. Tyler's fate is left unknown.
tags: dark,  mystery,  gothic,  murder,  stupid,  cult,  horror,  revenge, 

title: La ragazza del lago
synopsis: Inspector Giovanni Sanzio, a Keenan Wynn look-alike, is on the case in this Italian version of Norwegian author Karin Fossum's mystery novel Don't Look Back (oddly translated into Italian/Friuli as Lo squadro di uno soonosciuto).A beautiful girl is found dead on the lakeshore of a small Italian Alpine village, and Inpsector Sanzio is called in to employ his tremendous powers of professional guesswork to discover they whys and wherefores. In the process, he stumbles across an earlier (unsuspected) murder, the choking of an autistic 3-year-old by his parents.After chasing somewhat desperately after one false lead after another, Insp. Sanzio lights on the autistic boy's father: murderer of both his own son and the young lady, who had been the son's babysitter. The father was tired of the girl's accusing stares, guilty that neither he nor his wife could understand, let alone handle, their son's autism.Oddly enough, the girl was suffering from a terminal brain tumor, and having only months to live without her cherished little babysitting charge, she allows the father to drown her in the lake. Significantly, Insp. Sanzio arrives on the scene to note the girl has been carefully laid on her side, with her head awkwardly turned away...and this, says the inspector, shows she was murdered, without offering resistance, by a murder she knew and trusted.It amazes the viewer how laid back and calm these European mysteries are; cops are relatively sedate, and everything seems to be located in the boonies, far from civilization. Though the film meanders with silly red herrings, it nonetheless demonstrates how a real homicide detective does the job...whether it's Europe or America. The little Alpine Italian village is beautiful, adding some respite from the horror of murder. The Italian dialect spoken here is very melodic: it is much more like the Spanish-sounding Friuli language of Switzerland. Viewers will enjoy this subtle, beautifully shot movie. Fans of Karin Fossum will appreciate the way the Italians handled her globally popular Inspector Sejer mystery.
tags: horror,  flashback, 

title: Ghost Story
synopsis: In a small New England town, four elderly men form what they call the Chowder Society, regaling themselves with the telling of scary ghost stories. Membership in the club, in fact, requires that one present such a story. The four old friends consist of Ricky Hawthorne (Fred Astaire), a lawyer, and his partner Sears James (John Houseman), along with Dr. John Jaffrey (Melvyn Douglas) and Edward Charles Wanderley (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.), a successful businessman.When Edward's son, David, living in New York, falls from a window after the girl he's sleeping with turns suddenly into a hideous demon, Edward grieves. His other son, Don (Craig Wasson), a college professor who's fallen on hard times, shows up in town, not getting a great reception from Edward, who always preferred the other, more ambitious son.But now the four elderly gentlemen are unsettled, experiencing nightmares. Clearly, something is bothering them. Edward becomes so distraught, he wanders across a bridge in the snow. When he sees the same female apparition that caused his son to fall to his death, Edward, too, falls to his death from the bridge. Although his death is ruled a suicide, his son Don and Edward's three remaining elderly friends doubt it. Don approaches the remaining three friends, requesting membership in their group, offering up a bizarre ghost story of his own.Don's flashback:A few years earlier, then a promising junior professor in Miami, Florida, Don meets Alma (Alice Krige), a beautiful if mysterious secretary who comes to work at the university. They immediately become involved in a torrid sexual affair, which interferes with Don's job, causing him to miss work and earn the scorn of the Dean who previously championed him.But Don finds something strange about this strange, exotic woman -- a coldness, and he drops her. Later, he hears from his brother David that he has met the same girl in New York and intends to marry her. Don warns his brother that she's trouble, but to no avail. And indeed, Don suspects she caused his death - the fall from the building as seen earlier.Back in the present, the elderly friends react to Don's story. Sears dismisses it, but Ricky believes him. Elderly Dr. John Lafferty, after having a nightmare about the same woman - Alma - dies of a heart attack. This leaves only Sears and Ricky. Thus, they finally tell Don their own strange history with a woman who looked exactly like Alma.Their flashback:Back when the four friends were young in 1931, the beautiful Eva Galli (also Alice Krige) came to town, and, indeed, it's obvious that she's the same person as Alma in the present. The four friends are smitten with Eva, who encourages their sexual interest.It was Young Edward (Don's father) who first took her to bed, but he was impotent with her. When she mocked him later in front of his friends, Young Edward leaps to silence her, knocking her down, accidentally killing her when her head smashes into the stone fireplace. Horrified, the young men realize that she's dead. They consider calling police, but realize it would only mean wrecking their lives. Instead, they load her body into her car, then push it into the nearby lake. As the car descends, Eva stirs inside, looking out at them from the back window.... still alive!Back in the present, Ricky and Sears admit that the death has haunted them all these years. Whereas Sears is dubious, both Ricky and Don believe that Alma and Eva are one in the same and that her ghost has returned to seek revenge after 50 years.Don suggests they go to Eva's old house, now in ruins, to confront the past and her ghost once and for all. They go there, but Don falls on the rotting stairs and breaks his leg. Sears goes off in his car through the snow for help, leaving Don and Ricky behind, but one of Alma/Eva's evil accomplices, an evil boy, causes his car to crash off the icy road and he dies.Ricky nearly dies at the hands of one of Alma's the accomplices, an arrogant young Hod, but Ricky manages to get to the authorities, telling them to pull Eva's car up from the lake to reveal her body inside. This is intercut with Don, who confronts the rotting specter of Alma/Eva's ghost. Ricky and the authorities drag out the ancient car, opening the rusted, corroded door, finding the still-living rotting corpse inside. It falls out, disintegrating before their eyes. Don is spared from the monstrosity of her vengeful ghost, and the town is restored to peace.
tags: horror,  gothic,  murder,  flashback, 

title: Tormented
synopsis: The film opens with Justine Fielding (Tuppence Middleton) being escorted out of school by the police, as other pupils look on. It then has a flashback to 5 days earlier, where Justine is reading at the funeral of Darren Mullett (Calvin Dean). She starts to talk about him, when Jason Banks (Olly Alexander) stands up in church and calls her a hypocrite because she didn't really know him. He is then thrown out of church by the sadistic PE teacher.Later on, Justine is talking to her friend Helena (Mary Nighy) about staying in and watching a Keira Knightley DVD, Atonement, when Alexis (Dimitri Leonidas) decides to invite her to a party his friends Bradley (Alex Pettyfer), Tasha (April Pearson), Kally (Larissa Wilson), Sophie (Georgia King), and Marcus (Tom Hopper) are having. She decides to go to the party, rather than staying in with Helena.At the party, Justine arrives and Tasha tells Jez, the DJ to say something about her appearance. He begins to rap about her, when Alexis tells him to stop, and he is thrown out of the party by Bradley. Later, Alexis and Justine go somewhere quiet, and he tells her they are on a date, at which point they kiss. Bradley, Tasha, Kally, Marcus and Sophie all receive horrible text messages from Mullett's number. During this, someone puts on a clown costume and grabs a chainsaw, before heading up to the room where they are kissing. The figure is revealed to be Bradley, who is playing a prank on them.Jez goes to the cemetery to celebrate Mullett's death, and urinates on his grave, and is killed by an unseen figure, who stabs him with a cross. Later, the group have a toast to Mullett's life, and Justine reveals that she can't even remember who he is.The next day, they arrive at school, and the headmaster gets a call saying that Jez never came home the night before. Bradley threatens another pupil about removing a website he had put up about him. Justine is persuaded to hang around with the cool gang, and tells Helena that she won't be able to make it to her Keira Knightley DVD evening. She finds a teddy bear (stolen from Mullett's grave) in her locker and assumes it is from Alexis. He asks her on another date after this, which she agrees to. She goes to see Jason and he tells her that Mullett was in love with her, and hands her his suicide note. While she is reading the note, a teacher tells her that she will make a great pupil at Oxford university.The pupil threatened by Bradley is then attacked, and sees Mullett's ghost, but is listening to music through headphones, and the loud music sends him deaf.Over the course of the day, the gang get more messages, and Bradley believes Jason is sending them. Jason, meanwhile is in art class, and the teacher tells everyone that the guillotine is faulty and they shouldn't touch it. A boy sent by Bradley fetches him out of class, and then Bradley and Marcus chase him into the gym, where they give him a wedgie, but are interrupted by another message, meaning Jason cannot have sent it. The sadistic PE teacher then arrives and gives Jason detention. The girls decide that Helena has been sending the messages and attack her. Sophie tells Justine that she should sleep with Alexis that night, and goes back into the swimming pool, where she is attacked by Mullett's ghost and drowns.Later that night, Justine and Alexis sleep together, but are seen by Mullett, who tears the badge from her uniform, and re-arranges her fridge magnets, calling her a slut. She returns to school and shows Alexis the suicide note, but his friends tell her she cannot hand it into the police, because she would implicate herself in his death.Marcus is then in PE class, where he sees Mullett's ghost, and the teacher tells him to go and have a shower, just as the art teacher arrives and tells the head that they have found Sophie's body. In the shower, he is whipped with a towel by the ghost of Mullett. He manages to fight him off and heads outside, running into Helena, who accuses him of trying to rape her because he is semi naked. He manages to get outside, and is impaled upon a fence by the ghost.Later on, the gang are at Bradley's house, and they have an argument, where Tasha and Justine get into a fight, and Justine is thrown into the swimming pool. Bradley decides to go and dig Mullett's body up at the cemetery.Justine goes home, and demands that Alexis shows her the site, where it is revealed that he is one of the bullies, and that she was rude to Mullett because he interrupted a conversation about her going to Oxford. She tells Alexis that he is deceitful and a liar, and that their relationship is over.While Bradley is at the cemetery, Tasha gets drunk in his car, and invites him to have sex with her. During the act, Mullett appears and pulls him out of the car, and kills him. Tasha runs away, but falls into an open grave, where she lies to Mullett that she fancied him, causing him to decapitate her with a shovel.The next day, Justine arrives at the art class, where Jason painted Munch's The Scream painting, and tells him that she was responsible for Mullett's death. He tells her that it has been his fault, because he was scared of being bullied, so he told Bradley that Mullett fancied her. She leaves the room, and Mullett appears, and kills him by jamming two pencils up his nose and slamming his head against the table.Justine approaches Helena and tells her that she is sorry, that her friends, including Alexis were all horrible. Kally runs over and asks her where Tasha is, but Justine tells her she doesn't care. Kally then gets a text message from Tasha telling her to meet her in the art room.Before Justine can follow, she is confronted by Alexis, who tells her he is going to kill Mullett for what he has done to everyone. Justine tells him that Kally is in danger. Kally gets to the art room, and sees The Scream with her name on it, at which point Mullett puts a bag over her head, before using the guillotine to slice her hands off. She tries to call the headteacher, but he is too busy with the police, who tell him that Justine's badge has been found near the bodies of Bradley and Tasha.They get to the art room, and find Jason's and Kally's bodies, and are attacked by Mullett. They break free, by stabbing him in the stomach with a screwdriver and head to the common room, where Mullett follows them. Alexis tries to stop him, but is stabbed in the hand with the screwdriver. Justine gets him to stop, but he begins to choke her to death. She grabs his inhaler and throws it across the room, telling Alexis to smash it. He does, and the ghost begins to die.Justine tells Alexis to leave, but he punches Mullett, knocking a sofa over, and finding Mullett's other inhaler, which Mullett then uses. Mullett then stabs Alexis in the throat with the screwdriver. As Justine cradles his body, she looks up at Mullett, disgusted and says You know what, they were right, you do look like fucking Shrek!, just as the police arrive. Justine is then led out and into the police car seen earlier, having been arrested for the murders. She sees Mullett's ghost but then it disappears.During the credits, there is a sequence where the PE teacher is telling students off, and Mullett is shown getting ready for revenge on him.
tags: horror,  revenge,  comedy,  violence,  stupid, 

title: The Shining
synopsis: Former teacher and recovering alcoholic Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) interviews for a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel in an effort to rebuild his life after his volatile temper lost him his teaching position. The hotel manager, Mr. Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson), warns Jack that he and his family will be snowbound through most of the winter and of the potential risk for cabin fever. He drives the point home by recounting a season when the caretaker, Charles Grady, went crazy and brutaly killed his wife, his two girls (Lisa Burns and Louise Burns), and finally himself. Given his own desperation and the opportunity to pursue his true passion, writing, Jack acknowledges the warning, but accepts the job.Meanwhile, Jack's son Danny (Danny Lloyd) has a seizure while talking to his imaginary friend Tony about the Overlook Hotel. He has a vision of blood splashing out of an elevator in the hotel, an image which is revisited several times throughout the film.Upon Danny's arrival at the hotel, head chef Dick Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) recognizes that Danny is telepathic, and speaks to him mentally to offer him some ice cream. He explains that he and his grandmother both had the gift; she referred to this communication as shining. He also counsels Danny about the hotel, hinting that something terrible had happened there and left a trace, as if someone burned toast, which only people who can shine will perceive. Danny questions Dick about what went on in the hotel, and about Room 237 in particular as Danny can sense that Dick is especially afraid of that room. Though he strives to assure Danny that the images he sees in the hotel are just like pictures in a book and can't hurt him, Dick sternly warns Danny to stay out of that room.Jack's mental health deteriorates rapidly once the family is alone in the hotel. He has writer's block, sleeps too little, and is irritable. Danny has visions of the two murdered Grady girls, but tells no one. He continues to wonder about Room 237.While the weather is still relatively warm, Jack's wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and Danny walk through a maze of tall hedges, making a game out of it, stopping at dead ends and fixing their mistakes.One day, a ball rolls toward Danny as he plays with his toys. It appears to have come from the open door of Room 237, which Danny enters. At that moment, Wendy comes running from the basement at the sound of Jack's screams in the lounge. He tells her that he had a nightmare in which he used an axe to chop Danny and her to pieces. As a disconcerted Wendy promises that Everything's gonna be okay, Danny appears at the other end of the room, looking disoriented and sucking his thumb. His sweater is ripped and there are bruises on his neck. He does not answer when Wendy asks what happened. She angrily accuses Jack of hurting Danny and takes the child back to their suite.Jack is furious about the accusation. He storms around the hotel, making his way to the Gold Ballroom. Sinking defeatedly onto a stool at an empty bar, his head in his hands, Jack declares that he would sell his soul for one drink. When he looks up he discovers a bartender (Joe Turkel), who serves him a drink. Jack is nonplussed by the sudden appearance of the bartender and even addresses him by his name, Lloyd. In the course of telling his troubles to Lloyd, Jack reveals that he unintentionally dislocated Danny's shoulder, the same accident Wendy mentioned to Danny's pediatrician earlier. Notably, Jack states that the injury happened three years ago, while in explaining the same story to the pediatrician, Wendy said that Jack, who vowed to quit drinking immediately following the accident, has currently been sober for only five months.A frantic Wendy enters, finding Jack seemingly alone at the bar; she pleads with him to investigate Danny's claim that a crazy woman attacked him in the bathtub of Room 237. Jack, who acts a bit tipsy, grudgingly agrees to go have a look.As Jack approaches the door to Room 237, Danny appears to be having a seizure in his own room. Dick, back at his home in Florida, stares wide-eyed as he picks up on a signal Danny is sending.Jack cautiously enters Room 237. The bedroom is empty and he proceeds to the bathroom. He watches lustfully as a young, beautiful, naked woman (Lia Beldam) pulls back the shower curtain and steps slowly out of the bathtub. The two approach each other and embrace in a passionate kiss. Jack catches a glimpse of their reflection in the mirror and sees the woman is actually a rotting corpse. He recoils in horror-- the young lady standing before him has transformed into an elderly woman (Billie Gibson); a walking corpse with rotten, sagging skin. She cackles madly while reaching for him with outstretched arms. Stunned, Jack staggers out of the room, locking the door after him.When he reports back to Wendy, Jack denies anything amiss in Room 237. Wendy suggests they take Danny to a doctor. Jack becomes irate, lecturing Wendy on her thoughtlessness and blaming her for everything that's gone wrong in his life. Insisting that they can't leave the hotel because of his obligation to his employers, he storms out, returning to the Gold Room, which is now the scene of an extravagant party with guests dressed in 1920's fashion. Lloyd serves him a drink and Jack strolls through the crowd. He doesn't get far when a butler carrying a tray runs into him, spilling advocaat on his jacket. The butler convinces Jack to come into the bathroom to clean up.The butler introduces himself as Delbert Grady (Philip Stone). Jack remembers the story Mr. Ullman told him about a former caretaker named Grady murdering his family and confronts Grady with the information. Grady denies that anything of the sort took place and furthermore insists that Jack has always been the caretaker. Jack is confused, but seems to accept Grady's story. Grady goes on to tell Jack that Danny has a great talent and is using it to bring an outside party into the situation, referring to Dick Halloran with a racial slur. Grady advises Jack on how to correct Danny, and how to deal with Wendy if she interferes.Back in Florida, Dick has had no luck contacting the people at the Overlook Hotel. Worried about Danny, he books the next flight to Colorado.At the Overlook, Wendy arms herself with a baseball bat and looks for Jack, intent on leaving the hotel with Danny whether or not Jack agrees to come. Entering the lounge, she spots Jack's manuscript left unattended next to the typewriter. She reads what Jack has been writing: hundreds of pages of repetitions of a single sentence: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. She realizes that Jack has gone mad.Jack approaches from behind and asks sarcastically, How do you like it? Wendy shrieks with alarm and wheels around to face him. A confrontation ensues as Jack demands to know her intentions regarding leaving the hotel with Danny, while Wendy retreats, brandishing the bat. She screams at Jack not to hurt her, and he swears that he will not; instead, he intends to kill her. Wendy hits Jack on the head with the bat at the top of a flight of stairs, causing him to lose his balance and tumble down the staircase, injuring his ankle in the process.Wendy drags Jack's limp body to the pantry and locks him inside, just as he regains consciousness. Jack tells her he has sabotaged the radio, as well as the snow cat, stranding them all there. She goes outside to check on the snow cat, and confirms what he told her.A few hours later, Jack is roused from a nap by the sound of Delbert Grady's voice. Grady expresses disappointment and a lack of confidence in Jack, but Jack assures him he can get the job done if given one more chance. The pantry door then suddenly unlocks.Wendy has fallen asleep in her room. Danny is in a trance, carrying a knife and muttering redrum repeatedly. He takes Wendy's lipstick and writes REDRUM on the bathroom door. He begins shouting REDRUM, which wakes Wendy. She clutches him to her, then sees the reflection of the bathroom door in the mirror. Reversed, it reads: MURDER. At that instant, banging sounds start coming from the door to the hallway.The sound is Jack swinging an axe at the locked door. Wendy grabs Danny and locks them in the bathroom. She opens a tiny, snow banked window and pushes Danny out; he slides safely to the ground. She tries to get out the same window, but cannot fit. She tells Danny to run and hide.Meanwhile, Jack has chopped his way through the front door and calls out Wendy, I'm home! Jack then knocks politely on the bathroom door. Wendy holds the knife and tries to steady herself as Jack begins chopping into the door. After chopping away one of the panels, he sticks his head through and screams Heeeere's JOHNNY! (a reference to The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson). Jack sticks his hand through the door to turn the lock. Wendy slashes at him with a knife, cutting Jack's hand and sending him recoiling in pain. Jack continues to hack at the door with the axe until they both hear the low rumble of an approaching snow cat engine. He stalks out.The snow cat driver is Dick. Inside the hotel, he calls out, but gets no reply. Jack, hiding behind a pillar, leaps out and swings the axe into Dick's chest, killing him. Danny, hiding in a kitchen cabinet, screams, revealing his location. He clambers out of the steel cabinet and runs outside.Meanwhile, Wendy has ventured from the bathroom and begun to search for Danny. The hotel has sprung to life and now even Wendy encounters its ghosts, sights that shock and horrify her. At the same time, axe-wielding Jack turns on the outdoor lights and follows Danny into the hedge maze.Danny realizes he is leaving a trail of footprints in the snow for Jack to follow. He carefully retraces his steps, walking backwards in the same prints he'd just created in the opposite direction, then covers the rest of his tracks and hides behind a hedge. When Jack arrives, he sees that the trail of footprints ends abruptly, giving him no clue as to which direction Danny took. He chooses a path and lurches deeper into the maze. Danny comes out of his hiding spot and follows his own footprints back to the maze's entrance.Wendy makes her way out of the hotel just as Danny emerges from the maze. Relieved, she flings down the knife and embraces him. Jack bellows his frustration from within the maze. Danny and Wendy waste no time escaping in the snow cat that Dick used to get to the hotel. Jack, hopelessly lost in the maze, freezes to death.Right before the end credits, the camera slowly zooms in on a wall in the hotel full of old photographs that chronicle the hotel's history. An old recording of Midnight, the Stars and You echoes in the empty hallway. In the center of one picture is a young Jack. The caption reads, Overlook Hotel, July 4th Ball, 1921.
tags: dark,  psychological,  mystery,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  haunting,  atmospheric,  good versus evil,  insanity,  psychedelic,  suspenseful, 

title: Drag Me to Hell
synopsis: In Pasadena, California in 1969, a young Mexican couple rushes to the home of medium Shaun San Dena (Flor de Maria Chahua). Their son had stolen jewelry from a group of Gypsies three days prior, and since then, has been complaining of seeing and hearing things not of this earth. San Dena tries to help the boy in a seance, but she and the boy's parents can only watch in horror as the boy is thrown from the balcony by an unseen force before being pulled into Hell by demonic hands. The spiritualist vows that she will meet this demon again one day.Forty years later, Christine Brown (Alison Lohman), a loan officer at a local bank, is working in her office and desperately hopes to be promoted to assistant manager. Christine's boss, Mr. Jacks (David Paymer), tells her that the position has come down to her and the new guy, Stu Rubin (Reggie Lee). He advises her that she needs to demonstrate that she can make tough decisions when she needs to. On her lunch break, Christine visits her boyfriend, Professor Clay Dalton (Justin Long), in his office. Christine gives Dalton a rare coin she found at the office in circulation. Clay puts it in an envelope and puts it in his bag. When Christine leaves, Clays mother calls and tries to set Clay up with a girl who she feels is better for Clay than Christine. Christine hears this from the hall and leaves dejected, feeling that she is not enough to get what she wants (the guy, the job, etc.) Christine returns to work and sees Stu bribe Mr. Jacks with Lakers tickets. Later that day, Mrs. Ganush (Lorna Raver), an elderly gypsy woman, asks for a third extension on her mortgage because she is struggling with economic problems due to an illness. To prove herself to Mr. Jacks, Christine, against her better judgment, denies Mrs. Ganush the extension. In desperation, Mrs. Ganush prostrates herself before Christine, begging and kissing the hem of her skirt. Christine panics and shoves the woman away while calling for security, shaming her in public. As security guards escort Mrs. Ganush out, Mr. Jacks compliments Christine on how she handled the situation and implies that if she can close another big loan, the assistant manager position will be hers.Mr. Jacks compliments Christine on how she handled the Ganush situation. He tells her that shes close to getting the promotion but has to seal the deal on a certain loan that is in limbo at work. Pleased, she walks to her car with her file and some office supplies. She walks out and sees Mrs. Ganushs car parked across from her own. She gets in her car and Mrs. Ganushs scarf is blown onto the windshield freaking Christine out. Christine turns around to follow the scarf and sees Mrs. Ganush behind her. Mrs. Ganush attacks and the two fight before Christine is able to lock Ganush outside of her car. Christine screams HA I BEAT YOU BITCH, before Ganush breaks the window with a cinder-block and drags Christine out. Ganush takes a button from Christines coat and mutters an incantation before handing back the button and disappearing.The police arrive to investigate the incident and Clay arrives to drive her home. On the way, Christine hears a strange whispering and decides she wants to get her fortune told. Clay is skeptical as to the legitimacy of the fortune teller and trades jabs with the spiritualist, Rham Jas (Dileep Rao). Rham says hell read her fortune for $60. However, during the reading, Rham is greatly disturbed by the mental appearance of the demon which makes him end the session. He gains Christines trust by telling her that he knows about the button. Clay drives Christine home and leaves to get something from his office.
Alone at home, Christine bakes a cake in her kitchen and plays with her kitten while waiting for Clay. She looks in a cookbook and sees a picture of her winning a dessert contest as a teenager and she is very overweight. She crumples up the photo and throws it out to continue baking. While still baking, all the lights go out and Christine is left alone in the dark. Her gate starts creaking and she sees a silhouette of a goat's head on the wall which then throws her into the cabinets causing minor injuries. Clay arrives home and assumes that Mrs. Ganush followed them and attacked Christine again. However, when she insists that no one attacked her, they contact a psychologist. After a quick visit from the psychologist who says that victims of assault often relive past trauma, Christine calms down and they go to bed. She has a very disturbing dream which involves a fly and being attacked by Ganush. She wakes up screaming, alarming Clay. Christine says it was only a dream and goes to work.At work, Christine is approached by Stu, who wants to learn about the loan guidelines of the branch. As she starts to explain she has a flash to Ganushs visit. Mr. Jacks comes over to calm her down, but Christine gets a bloody nose which then turns into a hemorrhage that covers Mr. Jacks in blood. Christine leaves the bank while everyone is left wondering what is going on. When no one is looking, Stu steals the files for the big loan Christine is working on.Christine goes to the house of Ganushs granddaughter, having gotten the address from Ganushs papers. The granddaughter doesnt want to let her in, but Christine says that she wants to make things right. The granddaughter lets her in and tells her to go down the hall to the left. Christine walks in on a bunch of gypsies sitting around eating together and sees that this is the wake for Ganush. Christine falls on the body, which rolls and spews embalming fluid all over Christines face. Ganushs granddaughter says that Christine deserves what is coming for her.Christine goes back to Rham seeking guidance. Rham tells her that the demon coming for her is called the Lamia. He tells her that Ganush cursed the button from Christines coat and that in three days the Lamia comes to take the soul of the person who owns the button. He speculates that a sacrifice to appease the Lamia may be able to convince the demon not to take her soul. He gives her a book on animal sacrifices but Christine tells her he wont do it. You will be surprised by what you will be willing to do when the Lamia comes for you he retorts.Christine goes home and is stalked by the shadow of the Lamia. It comes for her and throws her around the room and throws her against a few walls before throwing Christine into her Dresser. Christine freaks and grabs a kitchen knife and calls for her kitten.Christine is burying her dead kitten when Clay arrives. Clay asks why she has blood on her arm, but Christine shrugs it off and tells Clay that everything is fine now. They go and have dinner at Clays parents house. Christine gives them a harvest cake, which she learned how to make when she grew up on a farm. Clays mother talks down to her until Christine shows that shes smart and capable and brutally open about her past. She reveals that she doesnt talk to her mother because, after her father died, her mother became an alcoholic and doesnt want to see anyone. This impresses Clays mother since her father was also an alcoholic but she never told anyone. The group enjoys the cake while Christine starts seeing an eyeball in hers. She stabs it and it bleeds and she fakes putting a piece of cake into her mouth to put on a show, but she then coughs up the fly from her dream. This disgusts Clays parents, who think the cake has flies in it. To make matters worse, the Lamia starts to bang on the door, causing Christine to freak out. She leaves and Clay tries to follow but his parents tell him he cant help her because she is ill.Christine consults Rham Jas again, who tells her that there is one person who can help her fight the Lamia but that this person will only do so for $10,000 dollars. Christine immediately takes everything she owns of value to sell but only comes up with $3,500. She goes to Mr. Jacks to ask for a $10,000 dollar advance on the Assistant Manager position, but Mr. Jacks tell her that the loan she was working on fell through since another bank was able to undercut them. He tells her he will have to investigate and then gives the Assistant Manager position to Stu. She leaves the office angrily and goes home.Clay arrives to find her eating a pint of ice cream in her kitchen. He tells her that the second he knew he loved her, he swore hed do anything to protect herso he paid the $10,000 dollars.Clay drives her to the house of Shaun San Dena and Christine goes in alone. Shaun wants to host a séance to draw the spirit into the physical realm in order to kill it. Shauns assistant brings a goat into the room so that they can force the Lamia into it. Shaun tells Christine that once Shaun is possessed, Christine must put her hand on the goat to draw the Lamia out. Shaun, Rham, Christine and the assistant begin the séance. They use an incantation to bring it forth but manage to summon a group of lost souls. Shaun banishes them before realizing the Lamia is coming. The Lamia possesses Shaun and addresses the group. It tells them it will take Christine to hell, where it will feast on her soul. Christine grabs Shauns hand and forces it onto the goat. The Lamia gets angry and starts screaming. The assistant tries to use a machete to kill the Lamia, but the Lamia moves, the machete misses and the Lamia bites the assistant.Christine goes to help the assistant but he is revealed to be the new host. It starts mocking Christine and a mini fight ensues. Rham is knocked out by a chair and Shaun is in a trance. It summons flames and dances over the table. It tells Christine it doesnt want her cat, and draws the cat out of its mouth and throws it at her. He tells her that hes going to enjoy feasting on her Porker soul. Shaun breaks out of her trance and uses a powerful incantation to banish the Lamia from the séance. She collapses and dies immediately after. Christine takes this to be a great irony, in that Shaun waited 40 years for a rematch with the Lamia and beat it on her last night alive, but Rham interjects. He tells her that the Lamia is not banished and that Shauns death proves that nothing can stop the Lamia. Rham tells her that the Lamia is coming for the owner of the buttonand that her last hope is to make a gift of it. He takes out an envelope and has the button sealed in it. He tells her that whoever she gives the button to, she curses to hell and that the reason Rham didnt tell her was because he didnt want to be her accomplice in sending someone to hell.Christine gets in Clays car and tells him its over. They almost hit an old man (who appears to Christine as Ganush) and the old man tells Christine that shes going to hell. Christine drops the envelope with the button and Claytons bag opens and spills his papers over her envelope. Christine freaks when she cant find it but grabs the envelope that has a circular shape inside. Clay drops her off at home and tells her to meet him at the train station so they can go to his parents cabin.She goes to an all night diner and drinks a ton of caffeine and struggles over whom to give the button to. She calls Stu and tells him to meet her otherwise shell tell Mr. Jacks that Stu gave her loan papers to the other bank. He meets her and begs her not to tell Mr. Jacks. She is about to give him the button but decides against it.Christine asks Rham if the cursed object can be transferred to the dead. Rham says that while Gypsys place good luck wishes on the dead, formal offerings can be made. He tells her Yes. Christine drives to the cemetery and digs up Ganush. She Takes the envelope, makes a formal offering and shoves it down Ganushs throat. The rain fills the grave with mud and Christine almost drowns but she makes it through.The next morning, Christine goes to meets Clay at Los Angeles Union Station, they have plans to spend a relaxing weekend in Santa Barbara. She is wearing a beautiful new coat and walks up to Clay. Clay is on the platform checking his ring box, mentally prepping for a proposal. He notes the new coat and asks Christine what happened to her old one. Christine tells him she threw it out and before she can elaborate, Clay tells her its unfortunate and gives her the envelope with the button in it. She had dropped it in his car the night before and accidentally picked up a similar one, which contained the rare coin she gave to Clay. Horrified, Christine panics and walks backwards from Clay and falls onto the train tracks. Clay starts yelling for help and, as the train approaches, the ground starts cracking around her. As Clay looks on, demonic arms pull her down and Christine is brutally dragged to hell screaming to Clay for help. As the train roars through, Clay can only watch, frozen in terror as his girlfriend disappears under the stoned track. Tearful for the horrific sight that he has just witnessed, he has a brief glance at the button he is still holding in his hand before returning his attention back to the spot where Christine was dragged to her death.
tags: dark,  paranormal,  bleak,  cult,  horror,  humor,  revenge,  entertaining, 

title: The Nightmare Before Christmas
synopsis: Pumpkin king Jack Skellington (speaking voice Chris Sarandon, singing Danny Elfman), an elegantly attenuated skeleton, has delivered another scary Halloween. But he receives the adulation of Halloweentown with no enthusiasm -- something is missing from Jack's life and he's tired of doing the same old Halloween thing year after year. The missing something might well be Sally (Catherine O'Hara), an animated rag doll who yearns for Jack, but he doesn't notice. (Sally was created by Halloweentown's evil scientist (William Hickey), who keeps her locked up except when she knocks him out by slipping deadly nightshade in his soup.)After pondering his ennui in a cemetery (disturbing Sally, who's replenishing her supply of deadly nightshade), Jack takes his ghostly dog Zero for a walk in the woods. They come upon a strange circle of trees, each with a door representing a holiday. Jack opens the Christmas door and they're sucked in, landing in Christmastown. Jack is curious about everything he sees there, but finds it all delightful and wants to be part of it.Back in Halloweentown Jack calls a town meeting, where he describes what he saw in Christmastown. His people don't seem very impressed, so to draw them in, he makes some elements of Christmas -- including Sandy Claws (Edward Ivory) -- sound scary. Then he announces that they're taking over Christmas and starts assigning jobs. The evil scientist must whip up some reindeer, Halloweentown's top trick-or-treaters are to kidnap Sandy Claws, and Sally's task is to make Jack a red Santa suit. She tries to tell him that co-opting Christmas is a terrible idea, but he's too wrapped up in his enthusiasm to listen.The three trick-or-treaters return triumphantly with the Easter Bunny; Jack sends them back and eventually they bring him Sandy Claws (who surprises Jack by having hands rather than claws). Jack directs the trick-or-treaters to take Sandy Claws away and make him comfortable, but they give him to Oogie Boogie (Ken Page) instead.Meanwhile, Sally has produced a red suit (without a hat, so Jack steals Sandy's) and the evil scientist's skeletal reindeer are hitched to a sleigh full of creepy toys. Sally tries to sabotage his Christmas Eve delivery by adding fog juice to the town well, and it almost works. But the spectral dog Zero, who happens to have a glowing nose, comes to the rescue. Sally deduces that only Sandy Claws will be able to help Jack now, and sneaks into Oogie Boogie's lair in an effort to free him.Jack sets off in his sleigh, but he doesn't really get Christmas -- his idea of a keen gift for a small child is a shrunken head or a toy duck with sharp teeth that chases its owner -- so he spreads terror and mayhem at every house he visits. He ends up being blown up out of the sky by the terrified populace. Realizing both his mistake and his desire to be the best pumpkin king he can be, he goes back to Halloweentown to find Sandy Claws and set Christmas right.He surprises Oogie Boogie, frees Sally and Sandy Claws, and unravels Oogie Boogie in a decisive final showdown. Santa Claus scolds Jack about trying to take over a holiday that isn't his, and then sets about magically saving Christmas. Jack and Sally return to town just as Santa Claus flies over and offers the Halloweentownsfolk a bit of Christmas magic: their first snowfall. Jack and Sally share a tender moment in the cemetery, realizing they were always meant to be together.
tags: comedy,  dark,  gothic,  fantasy,  whimsical,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  humor,  romantic, 

title: Half Light
synopsis: Rachel Carlson (Moore) is a successful American murder mystery author living in London with her five-year-old son, Thomas (Balawi) and her second husband, Brian (Cusick), a successful book editor that has been unable to get any of his own works published. His mother being too busy working on her latest novel to play with him, Thomas goes outside to play outside their canalside home, only to accidentally drown, devastating Rachel and putting a tailspin on her marriage and her ability to finish her latest novel.
Several months later, Rachel still blames herself for the death of her son, and is not only unable to finish her book but is also a simple signature away from formally being divorced from her husband. In an effort to finish her novel and find some emotional peace, Rachel moves away to a remote cottage on the Scottish coast. However, she soon starts to see the ghost of her late son, who at one point drags her into the waters and at another point moves a set of magnets on the refrigerator. A local town psychic informs Rachel that the spirit of her son is trying to tell her something, but the rest of the locals warn Rachel that the psychic is just a troubled woman.
Troubled by the possibility that her son has returned from the grave, Rachel shares her troubles with a young and handsome lighthouse keeper named Angus (Matheson) and the two spark a romance that suddenly goes awry when she learns that Angus died seven years ago by committing suicide after murdering his wife and her lover in the lighthouse. Rachel fears that she may be going insane and her efforts to prove otherwise, and learn more about the suicide-murder of Angus, falter when the news articles about the tragedy have gone missing from the local library, and Sharon Winton, her best friend and writer for a British tabloid journal, goes missing after Rachel saw her killed by Angus in the lighthouse.
It eventually comes to light that her soon to be ex-husband has been having an affair with her best friend, and that they paid a man, Patrick, to pose as Angus in order to cause an already emotionally unstable Rachel to act crazy enough in public that, when they make her murder look like a suicide, no one will suspect foul play. Just as Rachel is about to leave town, convinced that her dead son is trying to warn her that her life is in danger, she is drugged and dumped into the sea, only to be saved when the keys to the chains she has been put into suddenly fall into the water and thus allow her to free herself and make her way to the lighthouse in an effort to seek some revenge. (It was previously written on a slate, don't forget, look behind you and Rachel heard her son repeating those lines in water).
However, after a brief fight at the lighthouse, Sharon hits her head and is killed in the kitchen, and Brian is murdered by Patrick, possessed by the spirit of Angus, in much the same way that Angus's wife and lover died seven years previously. Patrick then jumps from the tower, as Angus had done. Rachel leaves town, with the promise that the house that she rented is kept empty so that Angus's spirit can finally rest. She returns to her home in London, where her son died, having decided to celebrate his life instead of mourning his death.
tags: violence,  horror,  murder,  flashback, 

title: 976-EVIL
synopsis: The movie centers around cousins Spike (Patrick O'Bryan) and Hoax (Stephen Geoffreys), both teenagers who live with Hoax's overtly religious mother Lucy (Sandy Dennis). While Spike is the neighborhood motorcycle bad boy, Hoax is an introverted nerd. Even though Spike genuinely cares for his cousin and protects him from bullies, Hoax is filled with resentment that he cannot stand up for himself or get the girl he wants (both of which Spike does effortlessly).
Both boys stumble upon 976-EVIL, which on the surface is just a novelty phone line that gives creepy-themed fortunes for a few dollars. However, the line is actually used by Satan to subtly corrupt mortals into his bidding. Spike loses interest in the line quickly, but Hoax soon discovers the true nature of the line and uses it to get revenge on everyone who has wronged him.
Soon Hoax's spirit is almost entirely consumed by Satan, who possesses Hoax to cause death and destruction, culminating in an opening to Hell appearing before their house. Spike confronts Hoax, but is quickly overpowered. In a desperate last ploy, he calls earnestly to his cousin, reminding him of the plans they had to take a vacation that summer.
Hoax's fleeting soul resurfaces briefly, and realizes his horrible mistake and embraces Spike, begging for help. Spike, realizing Hoax is lost and cannot be separated from the demonic presence, betrays his cousin and throws him into the pit of Hell.
tags: horror,  cult,  revenge,  murder,  violence, 

title: Kingdom of Heaven
synopsis: In a remote village in France, Balian (Orlando Bloom), a blacksmith, is haunted by his wife's (Nathalie Cox) recent suicide. A group of Crusaders arrive at the small village and one of them approaches Balian, introducing himself as his father, Baron Godfrey of Ibelin (Liam Neeson). Godfrey, asks Balian to return with him to Jerusalem. Balian refuses and the Crusaders leave. Afterwards, the town priest (Michael Sheen), Balian's younger brother, reveals that he had ordered Balian's wife beheaded before burial (a customary practice in those times for people who committed suicide). During the encounter Balian kills him. Balian follows after his father in the hope of gaining forgiveness and redemption for him and his wife. After he catches up to his father, Godfrey instructs him in swordsmanship. Then soldiers led by Godfrey's nephew arrive to arrest Balian. Godfrey refuses to hand him over and during the subsequent fight most of Godfrey's men are killed and Godfrey himself is mortally wounded.In Messina, Godfrey knights Balian and orders him to serve the King of Jerusalem and protect the helpless then succumbs to his injuries. On Balian's journey to Jerusalem, his ship is run aground by a storm, leaving Balian and a horse as the survivors of the wreck. When Balian releases the horse from the wreckage it flees in panic. Tracking the horse into the desert, Balian is confronted by a Muslim cavalier and his servant. A fight over possession of the horse follows and Balian slays the horseman, but spares the servant, asking him to guide him to Jerusalem. Upon their arrival in Jerusalem, Balian gives the horse to the servant and releases him. The man then tells him his slain master was an important knight amongst the Saracens.After being accepted as the new Lord of Ibelin by Godfrey's retainers, Balian soon becomes acquainted with the main players in Jerusalem's political arena: the leper King Baldwin IV, Tiberias (Jeremy Irons), Marshall of Jerusalem, Princess Sibylla, King Baldwin IV's sister, and Guy de Lusignan (Marton Csokas), Sibylla's husband, who supports the anti-Muslim activities. Guy is determined to rule after Baldwin's death and seeks to provoke a war that will allow him to dispose of the Muslims and claim the Kingdom for the Christians.Guy and his co-conspirator Raynald of Châtillon (Brendan Gleeson) massacre a Muslim trade caravan with the aid of the Templars. Saladin, leader of the Muslim forces attacks Kerak, Raynald's castle, to bring him to account for his crime. Balian decides to protect the villagers as they attempt to enter the castle from Saladin's cavalry. Though outnumbered, Balian and his knights charge Saladin's cavalry, allowing the villagers time to flee to the castle; Balian's knights are soon defeated resulting in their capture. In the enemy camp, Balian encounters the 'servant' he freed, Imad ad-Din, learning he is actually Saladin's Chancellor, who then releases Balian to enter Kerak. Saladin arrives with his army to besiege Kerak and King Baldwin IV approaches with his. The two rulers successfully negotiate a Muslim retreat and Baldwin swears that he will punish Raynald for his crimes. The exertion of these events cause Baldwin to collapse, weakened beyond recovery.Baldwin asks Balian to marry Sybilla (Eva Green), knowing that the pair have affection for each other, but Balian refuses to be associated with the necessary murder of Guy. After Baldwin dies, Sibylla's six year old son Baldwin V becomes King of Jerusalem. It quickly becomes apparent that he is also infected with leprosy. Grief-stricken and unwilling to condemn her son to a life behind a mask, Sibylla gives him poison. Sibylla succeeds her son and names Guy King of Jerusalem. Guy releases Raynald asking him to give him a war, which Raynald does by murdering Saladin's sister. When Saladin sends an emissary to demand the return of his sister's body, the heads of those responsible, and the surrender of Jerusalem, Guy answers by decapitating the emissary and sending his head back to Damascus.In council war is agreed upon because God wills it and against sound advice they march into the desert away from adequate water supplies to fight Saladin, leaving Jerusalem unguarded except for Balian, his knights, and the townspeople. Saladin's army attacks the Crusader army near to the city of Hattin, and at the Battle of Hattin, the Crusader army is annihilated. Guy and Raynald are captured; Saladin executes Raynald, and then marches on Jerusalem, sparing Guy out of tradition but stating that he is not worthy of this. Balian prepares the defences, challenging the Patriarch's advice to flee, and then knights a number of men-at-arms because making a man a knight makes him a better fighter. Knowing they cannot defeat the Saracens, they hope hold their enemies off long enough for the Saracens to offer terms; after three days and having proven their resolve, Saladin offers terms: Balian surrenders Jerusalem when Saladin offers all the inhabitants safe passage to Christian lands. Balian points out that when the Crusaders conquered Jerusalem a hundred years previously, they massacred the Muslim inhabitants, but Saladin assures him that he is not those men. Saladin releases Guy back to Jerusalem where Balian encounters him in a fight. Balian tells him When you rise again, if you rise again, rise a knight. As he returns to the city, Balian must step around the bodies of the dead. After he tells the inhabitants Saladin's terms, he says if this is the kingdom of heaven, let god do w/ it what he will. He then encounters Sybilla & tells her that her brother's kingdom was in his head & heart, & that can never be lost. When she says she is also queen of several other lands, he tells her to stop being a queen & he will come to her.In the marching column of citizens, he finds Sibylla who has renounced her claim as Queen of Jerusalem and other cities. Saladin's forces destroy many of the Christian books and replace the cross on the top of the church with a crescent. Privately, Saladin is shown refusing to step on the stones carved with crucifixes, and later picks up a cross and gently puts it back on the table. Imad returns the horse to Balian, saying it was not a good horse anyway & asks him if God didn't love him, how could he have accomplished so much. They wish each other peace in the other's language.Balian returns to his village in France and a column of English knights ride through looking for Balian, defender of Jerusalem. Balian replies that he is the blacksmith, and the man identifies himself as King Richard I of England, and they are commencing a new Crusade to retake Jerusalem from Saladin. Balian responds that he is still the blacksmith and Richard rides off. Balian is joined by Sybilla, and passing by the grave of Balian's wife, they ride towards a new life together.An epilogue states that nearly a thousand years later, peace in the Kingdom of Heaven remains elusive.
tags: murder,  anti war,  violence,  horror,  action,  romantic,  historical, 

title: Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth
synopsis: After the confrontation in Hellraiser II, the Cenobite named Pinhead is trapped, along with the puzzle box, amongst the writhing figures and distorted faces etched into the surface of an intricately carved pillar - the Pillar of Souls. The pillar is bought by the rich and spoiled J.P. Monroe (Kevin Bernhardt), owner of a popular nightclub called The Boiler Room. An ambitious young television reporter, Joey Summerskill (Terry Farrell), slowly begins to learn about Pinhead and the mysterious puzzle box. She is introduced to the pain the box can bring when she views a teenage club-goer being ripped apart by the box's chains in a hospital emergency room. She tracks the box and a young woman named Terri (Paula Marshall) to The Boiler Room, from which Terri had stolen the puzzle box.Through video tape interviews with Kirsty Cotton recovered from the Channard Institute, Joey and Terri learn about the demonic Cenobites and the power of the Lament Configuration, the only means of sending Pinhead back to Hell. Pinhead remains dormant until one night several hooked chains shoot out of the pillar and rip into one of the club goers, Brittany Virtue (Sharon Percival), Monroe had recently slept with. After killing her she is absorbed and her face appears on the pillar. Pinhead convinces Monroe to bring him club members so he can feed on their blood and be freed from the pillar.Now more dangerous than ever before, since he has been separated from his human self - a World War I British Army officer named Elliot Spencer who takes Joey on a walk round a trench filled with the corpses of what are presumably his men, explaining the nature of himself and Pinhead - and is simply the manifestation of Elliot's dark side and no longer under the control of Hell and purely out to cause chaos and destruction (in the previous movies the Cenobites were creatures of order, not chaos). Pinhead slaughters everybody in The Boiler Room, creating several new Cenobites in the process. Pinhead sets out to destroy the puzzle box so he need never return to Hell again. As time runs short, Joey must think of a plan to bring Pinhead and his newly-created Cenobites back to the realm of Pinhead's human self or else doom both herself and the mortal world to an eternity of pain and suffering.================================A young, rich club owner, JP Monroe, stops in an art dealer's shop. As he looks around he notices a large, plaster column with several relief sculptures on it, mostly of humans contorted in pain. Also on the column is a small sculpture of a puzzle box. The owner of the shop approaches him and sells the piece to JP, telling him to take pleasure in it.At a hospital emergency room, a young TV reporter, Joey Summerskill, is doing a piece on the abilities of the staff, however, the ER is strangely vacant that night. Suddenly, a man is wheeled inside the ER on a gurney. Sharp hooks at the ends of long, bloody chains are embedded in his flesh. As he passes Joey, the man whispers, Help me. A young woman follows after him, hysterically chattering about his condition. Joey interviews her briefly and the woman tells her that she & the man came from a club called The Boiler Room. When the doctors and nurses try to treat him, the chains are suddenly lifted by an unseen force, tearing at his flesh, and the man screams in pain. As the doctors and the young woman watch horrified, his head explodes. Before she leaves, the young lady retrieves a small puzzle box the man had been holding. She asks for the young woman's name and finds out it's Terri.Joey is ultimately bored with her job; she's only given puff pieces to report on. She also experiences nightmares about her father, who'd died in the Vietnam War.She goes to the Boiler Room and asks about Terri, who turns out to be JP's former girlfriend. They tell her that she's out with JP at a restaurant. Joey finds JP there & gives him her card, asking to call if he sees Terri. JP tries to hit on her but she rebuffs him. Later, Joey wakes up from another nightmare and receives a phone call from Terri & invites Terri to her apartment. Terri shows Joey the puzzle box, which allows anyone who solves it to experience a strange realm of Hell. Terri concludes that the man who died in the ER must have stolen the puzzle box from the sculpture JP had recently bought.At the Boiler Room JP, a self-absorbed and cruel man, examines the sculpture he'd bought. JP finds a hole in the column where the puzzle box had been. JP reaches into the hole and a rat bites him on the hand, drawing blood. JP's blood splatters across the column and is inexplicably absorbed into it. JP is fascinated. Later, while slyly watching the women who come to his club, he spots a lovely blond girl at the bar and has one of his employees give her a single rose, an invitation to meet with him privately. He lures the girl to his apartment, attached to the club, and has sex with her. As he does, the sculpture shows slight signs of animation. After he's finished with the woman, he harshly tells her to leave his apartment, having only wanted her for pleasure. Angry at being spurned, she begins to berate him for being such a cad when hooked chains emerge from the sculpture and snare her skin. She's forced to turn around and face the pillar. One of the faces, belonging to the Cenobite Pinhead, suddenly comes to life and hooks her forehead with another chain. Her skin is yanked from her body in a single jerk and as she screams, she's swallowed into the sculpture. JP is horrified but listens intently as Pinhead tells him he can grant JP all the pleasure, wealth and fame he seeks if he'll supply the statue with fresh blood and flesh. JP is unconvinced and shoots at Pinhead with a pistol; the shots are useless -- Pinhead spits the bullets out effortlessly. JP promises to bring what Pinhead asks for.Joey continues to be plagued by the nightmares about her father. She also continues her investigation into the young man who died in the ER and JP's club. Her efforts continue to be fruitless. She also receives news that she's been offered a job in another city -- since she and Terri had struck up a mild friendship, Terri is upset and leaves Joey's apartment after receiving a call from JP, who asks her to come back to him.At JP's apartment, JP tries to talk Terri into starting up their romance again. Terri is very reluctant but still starts to fall for JP's charms. As he talks to her, he walks her closer to the pillar, suddenly grabbing her and trying to force her even closer to it. Pinhead's face suddenly comes to life and growls and Terri retreats. When JP tries to grab her again, she hits him in the face with a set of brass knuckles. He falls on the floor unconscious. Just as Terri is about to leave the room, Pinhead stops her, demanding she give him JP's body. She pushes his limp body closer to the pillar and watches in horror as JP is hooked and yanked into the pillar. The sculpture explodes, tossing bits of flesh around and Pinhead emerges, free of his prison. Terri is too frightened to retreat.Terri has another nightmare about her father while he fights in a battle in Vietnam. This time, she's confronted by a young British man in an army uniform. He identifies himself as Captain Elliott Spencer, a World War II veteran, whom, after the war, had acquired the puzzle box in the Far East after the war and had discovered, while trying to solve it, that it was a doorway to an alternate world much like Hell, where wanderers can experience the extremes of pain and pleasure. Spencer had unlocked the doorway and had eventually become a demon of the netherworld, subjecting thousands of victims to extreme torture. He'd also had several demon assistants who'd themselves been victims of the puzzle box. Having been challenged previously by a young woman, Kirsty Cotton, who's own father had been a victim of her crooked uncle, Pinhead was banished and his accomplices were destroyed. Joey learns of the box's power by watching a videotaped interview with Kirsty taken from the Channard Institute, where she was held as a psychiatric patient.Spencer himself wants to regain his human form and asks Joey to help him. He wants her to, using the puzzle box, lure Pinhead into the spirit realm Spencer currently lives in so he can capture him and break his curse. Joey agrees.Back at the Boiler Room, Pinhead bursts into the club and begins to torture, mutilate and kill the club-goers. Joey sees a news report on the carnage and calls her cameraman, Doc, who tells her he'll meet her there. When Joey arrives, Pinhead has finished his rampage. Joey runs from the club, chased by Pinhead. In the streets, she sees an odd-looking man approaching her: Doc has been turned into a Cenobite with a camera embedded in his head where his right eye used to be. Escaping Doc and another Cenobite -- the DJ from JP's club, who makes use of compact discs as weapons -- she retreats into a church. A priest meets her and doesn't believe her fantastic story about demons. Pinhead suddenly bursts into the church, shattering its stained-glass windows and melting the priest's steel cross in his hand. Over the priest's loud protests, Pinhead tortures the priest, forcing him to eat entrails plucked from his chest.Joey taunts Pinhead with the box and flees the church. In a nearby construction site she meets two more Cenobites: the first is JP, who has two drilling devices thrust through his head. The other is Terri, who wields sharpened hook blades and has a cigarette jutting from her throat. They are about to torture her when Pinhead stops them, demanding Joey give up the box. The box activates and Joey is sent to Hell with the Cenobites. In the alternate dimension, Joey meets her father. He asks for the box to break the spell and reveals himself to be Pinhead in disguise. He prepares to torture and transform her into a Cenobite when Elliott Spencer appears and forcibly fuses himself with Pinhead. While Pinhead is distracted, Joey stabs him with the reconfigured box, destroying him and restoring Spencer's humanity. The box remains and Joey drops it into a foundation block of the construction site. She walks away, believing that the terror is over. The building is constructed; the lobby features an elaborate decor of the box itself.
tags: good versus evil,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback, 

title: Session 9
synopsis: Gordon Fleming is the owner of a small asbestos removal company. The stresses of work and being a new father are causing problems between him and his wife, Wendy. He is in a desperate financial bind and makes a bid to remove asbestos from the Danvers State Hospital, closed fifteen years ago, within one week. His team consists of Mike, a law school dropout who is knowledgeable about the asylum's history; Phil, who is filled with bitterness after losing his girlfriend and finds solace in smoking marijuana; Hank, whom Phil lost his girlfriend to; and Jeff, Gordon's nephew, who suffers from severe nyctophobia.
As Phil asks Gordon about his newborn daughter Emma, Gordon tells him that he and his wife Wendy are so tired. The new baby keeps him up at night.
As work begins inside the asylum, Mike finds a box containing nine taped sessions with a patient named Mary Hobbes, who had dissociative identity disorder. The purpose of the sessions, which Mike becomes increasingly engrossed in, is to unveil what happened on Christmas night in Lowell, her hometown, twenty-two years before. One of her personalities, the Princess, is childlike and innocent, knowing only the Christmas presents - a china doll for Mary and a knife for her brother, Peter - and that they played hide-and-seek after their parents went to bed. Another personality, Billy, is both childlike and protective. He lives in the eyes and saw what happened, but refuses to let Mary find out. The doctor repeatedly asks about the third personality, Simon, whom the Princess knows nothing about and Billy fears.
In the tunnels beneath the property, Hank finds a cache of antique Morgan dollar coins and other silver items, scattered from the crematory nearby. He returns that night to steal the artifacts and finds an orbitoclast. He hears odd sounds in the tunnels and discovers an empty peanut butter jar. He hears someone behind him and tries to escape the tunnels, but he is attacked by an unseen assailant. The next morning, the other four learn that Hank abruptly broke up with his girlfriend and left town; the four speculate about the possibility that Hank finally won some money in a lottery. Gordon, who frequently calls his wife and saw Phil speaking to two unknown men during one telephone call, suspects that Phil had something to do with Hank's disappearance, causing tension between the group.
At one point Gordon goes outside the building into the old garden, where several tombstones from patients who died during their stay at the asylum can be seen. As Gordon sits on a part of a tree trunk, he tries to call his wife again. He quickly puts his mobile phone away when he sees Jeff coming to him. Jeff wants to thank Gordon for giving him a chance at this job. Neither of the two men can see the tombstone that is half hidden under the trunk; it has the same number as Mary Hobbes' room. Gordon later opens up to Phil and admits that he hit Wendy after she accidentally spilled a pot of boiling water on his leg; he has been trying to apologize over the phone ever since. His leg is badly blistering and hurting, but he continues with the work.
Phil calls in another worker, Craig McManus, to assist with the job that is now behind schedule after Hank's disappearance. Phil tells Mike that he thinks Gordon has become a liability and reveals to Mike that Gordon admitted to slapping his wife.
Jeff finds Hank alive, but acting strangely unresponsive to Jeff's questions about where he has been. Jeff runs to tell the others, but Hank is gone again when the group returns. They split up to find Hank, but instead of looking, Mike quickly returns to the session tapes which he now feels compelled to finish listening to. In the taped recordings Billy refuses to awaken Simon, admitting to the doctor only that Simon was behind whatever happened that night. During the search, Phil finds Hank in one of the tunnels, half-naked, wearing sunglasses and muttering to himself. The power goes out at that point, trapping Jeff in a pitch-black tunnel and also stopping the ninth session tape short. Mike restores the power and the ninth session continues with Simon, the same voice Gordon has been hearing since the job began, taking over.
Simon reveals that Peter scared Mary while they were playing and she fell on her doll, breaking it and badly scarring herself. Simon then took Mary over killing Peter and their parents with the new knife.
As the recording continues, Phil finds Gordon in Mary's former hospital room, staring at his own wedding photos stuck to the wall. A shaken Jeff flees to the van, where he also is attacked by an unseen assailant.
The next day, Craig arrives at the asylum. Gordon finds Hank, with the orbitoclast protruding from his eye, wrapped in plastic in one of the larger rooms. Phil also appears and tells Gordon to wake up when Gordon accuses Phil of being the one who attacked the others. As Craig finds them, it is shown that Phil's presence was in actually only Gordon's mind. Possessed by Simon, Gordon enters a dissociative state and kills Craig with the orbitoclast after removing it from Hank's eye socket. It is revealed that Gordon, in the disassociated state, attacked Hank that night in the tunnels. When found by Phil in Mary's room, Gordon is also shown killing Phil before finding and killing Mike and Jeff. It is also revealed that Gordon did not just slap his wife, but killed her, the family dog and their baby after the pot of boiling water was spilled on him.
Gordon finally breaks down and realizes he has killed his family and all his friends. He uses his cell phone, which is broken, to apologize to an unhearing and already dead Wendy.
The film ends with the doctor asking, And where do you live, Simon? and Simon answering, I live in the weak and the wounded, Doc, implying that those who are vulnerable to evil can be taken over and compelled to do harm.
tags: dark,  boring,  suspenseful,  murder,  psychological,  stupid,  cult,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  romantic, 

title: Non si sevizia un paperino
synopsis: In the small Southern Italian village of Accendura, three local boys, Bruno, Michele, and Tonino are engaged in mischief and other activities. Guiseppe Barra (Vito Passeri) a local simpleton and peeping tom, who is seen spying on two rowdy swinging couples, is suprised when which the three boys appear behind him and yell out, Giuseppe's a big baby! which goads him into a state of bitter recentment. Meanwhile, in the hills surrounding the village, a reclusive Gypsy witch named La Magiara (Florinda Bolkan), is conducting sinister black magic ceremonies, first by digging up the skeletal remains of an infant, and then plunging pins through the heads of three tiny clay dolls. It makes it clear that these are the three youths taunting Giuseppe. When Michele returns home, his housekeeper mother urges him to deliver some orange juice to their employer, Patrizia (Barbara Bouchet) a young woman from Milan who is laying low in the village after a drug scandal. It becomes apparent that Patrizia offers undefined sexual favors to the local adolescents when she's shown sexualy taunting Michele.When Bruno Lo Casio goes missing, a media circus begins as reporters from all over Italy converge on the town. One of them is Andrea Martelli (Tomas Milian) a sharp-witted journalist from Rome whose insights into the case are acknowledged by the regional police commissioner (Virginio Gazzolo) working with the colloraboration of the village chief of police Captain Modesti (Ugo D'Alessio). Amid local hysteria, Giuseppe is soon arrested when he's found near the dead body of Bruno. But he protests his innocence for he claims to have only discovered the body of the boy and then phoned the parents in a feeble attempt to extract a pitiful ransom of six million lira. When another dead body of a young boy, that of Tonino is found, the police realize that he really is innocent.
A few nights later, during a raging thunderstorm, Michele Spriano, sneaks out of his house to meet with someone he speaks to over the phone, and he too is strangled by an unseen assailant and his body is found the following morning.Martelli soon meets and befriends Patrizia whom he recognizes from newspapers where he used to work in Milan. Patrizia is considered a slut by rest of the insular villagers mainly because of her modern style of dress with halter-tops and mini-skirts. Martelli also meets with the amiable young village priest, Don Alberto Avallone (Marc Poreli) and his strangely reserved mother Aurelia (Irene Papas). Don Alberto runs a boys group at the church (which the murder victims came from) and he also encourages the boys to play soccer on the church grounds to keep them off the streets and out of trouble. Since he is the priest and connected with the powerful Catholic Church (which holds the real power in Italy), he is well known and respected by everyone in the village and surrounding area. But Aurelia is a dour mysterious woman. A villager confides in Martelli that, she is only tolerated because she is the priest's mother.Elsewhere, Captain Modesti and his aide meet with Francesco (George Wilson), an eccentric old hermit living in a tumbledown stone hut in the hills overlooking the town, who practices black magic and offers charms and potions to the superstitious. He claims to the police that he has passed his knowledge of black magic to his disciple, Magiara, and also shares time with the causal thrill-seeking Patrizia. He is also rumored to have had (and then disposed of) a baby from a tryst with Magiara. Angered by Francesco's unwillingness to co-operate with the investigation, the police proceed to hunt down and arrest Magiara. Under interogation, the fevered woman gleefully confesses to the murders. However, it transpires to Modesti and the Commissioner that she believes her voodoo dolls and incantations have merely brought about the deaths of the three interfering boys, and she profess to have no interest or awareness of the physical methods used. An alibi provided by a policeman sighting Magiara miles away from the latest murder scene clinchers her legal innocence and she is released the following day. Nonetheless, the hostile and superstitious villagers are not convinced and the so-called witch is set upon in a local graveyard by a small mob of men who savagely beat her with heavy chains and then leave her for dead. The bloodied and mortally wounded Magiara drags herself quite a distance to the nearby expressway where she futilely tries to flag down a car, and then dies on the shoulder of the road. The following day, another young boy is found murdered, drowned in a local stream, which further increases police frustration to the case.Patrizia herself briefly becomes a suspect when Martelli finds her gold-plated cigarette lighter at the scene of the latest killing and while being interogateded by the police, she refuses to supply an alibi for those nights of each killing. But under the threat of incarcination, she's forced to admit that she traveled outside Accendura to buy marijuana for herself. With little to hold her on, the police let her go as well.Martelli and Patrizia become more determined to track down the killer on their own. During further meetings with Don Alberto, Martelli also learns that Don Alberto's mother has another young child, a six-year-old girl born mentally retarded. Martelli becomes convinced that the little girl is a witness to the killings after seeing that she compulsively pulls the heads off her dolls, as if doing an imitation to the strangulations. One doll's head, that of Donald Duck, is found near the latest crime scene, which this leap of reason proves accurate. But Martelli and Patrizia wonder: is the killer the priest or his mother? When Aurelia disappears with her daughter, Martelli and Patrizia track her down to a remote shack on a hill overlooking the town and when they arrive, Aurelia is found barely conscious begging them to help her stop her crazy son. It is Don Alberto who is the killer. It turns out that he straggled those young boys not for their sins, but to PREVENT them from committing sin when they grow up, as well as save them from the horrors of sexuality, thus (in his mind) sending them to heaven with clean souls.In an act contrary to even his sick rationale, he attempts to throw his little sister, a witness to the crimes, off a remote cliff. Martelli arrives in the nick of time, and after a long and climatic fistfight between Martelli and Don Alberto, the twisted priest looses his balance and falls of the cliff to his gruesome death.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: The Omen
synopsis: Rome, Italy, June 6, 1966, 6:00 am. Robert Thorn (Gregory Peck) is an American diplomat who hurries to a local hospital where his pregnant wife (Lee Remick) is going into labor. When he gets to the hospital, he is informed that his child was a stillbirth. A priest named Father Spiletto (Martin Benson) then offers him the choice to adopt a baby boy just born at the same time who has no parents. Thorn is reluctant to do so but knowing his wife will be devestated by the news of the death of her real child he agrees to the adoption.The boy is called Damien and moves to England with his mother and father when his father is appointed US ambassador to England. When Damien (Harvey Stephens) is celebrating his fifth birthday party, the family's nanny hangs herself in front of everyone and at the same time, the house is being watched by a rottweiler dog. In the background, a news photographer named Keith Jennings (David Warner) is present taking pictures.A few days later, a new nanny, named Mrs. Baylock (Billie Whitelaw) is sent to replace her but it is clear that she is not as she seems.Mrs. Baylock immediately challenges Kathy Thorn's authority when she is instructed to dress and ready Damien to attend a church wedding with them, but she does as she is told. As Thorn leaves the house, he is badgered by Jennings about circumstances around the previous nanny's death.The Thorns travel to the church one Sunday and Damien becomes more fearful as their car approaches the church. He has a violent reaction in which he injures his mother trying to get away. The car pulls away hurridly and while the Thorns discuss Damien's reaction and whether he should be examined by a doctor, they realize he has never been sick a day in his life.Later, in his office, Thorn is visited by a priest, named Father Brennan (Patrick Troughton), who claims to have been present during Damien's birth in Rome five years ago. He begs Thorn to accept Christ, because only then can he fight the son of the devil. The priest is escorted out by security and Jennings takes note of the visitor, snapping pictures. While developing the pictures of the day, Jennings notices the priest has a dark object like a javelin over his head in the pictures he appears in, but the anomaly doesn't appear anywhere else on the film.The next scene shows Kathy Thorn with Damien, traveling through a safari park, and various animals react with fear or anger towards Damien. It climaxes in a harrowing scene where a group of baboons attack the car that Kathy is driving forcing her to speed away.Meanwhile, Robert Thorn is followed by the priest that met with him earlier and is pulled aside at a public event; the priest tells him that his wife is in danger and he needs to talk to him. Jennings is also at the event, taking pictures. The pictures again show the dark anomaly above the priest.The next day, when Thorn meets with the priest again, Father Brennan again tells him that Damien is the son of the devil, born of a jackal, and will kill everyone around him and will kill his wife's unborn child as well as his wife. The priest instructs Thorn to go to Israel to the city of Megiddo to find a man who can tell him how to kill the son of the devil. Brennan tells Thron about an ancient prophecy that an antrichrist will be born, grow to manhood, and take over the world and lead it into death and destruction. Thorn thinks he is crazy and says never to bother him again. As the priest leaves the park, a sudden rainstorm comes up and the priest is impaled by a church spire in a freak accident while trying to get into a nearby church.Thorn goes home and his wife tells him she is pregnant. Startled by this news, he also receives a phone call telling him to examine the newspaper's cover story about the priest's bizarre death. Kathy has been agitated by Damien of late, causing her to visit a therapist, and tells Robert she wants to terminate the pregnancy. Disturbed by this, Thorn decides to go to the therapist to discuss Kathy's concerns. While Thorn is out, Damien's mother falls over a bannister after being knocked over by Damien, injuring her and thusly killing her unborn child.Jennings calls for Robert Thorn to meet him and he shows him the photographic anomalies with the old nanny and Father Brennan. Thorn tells him about the priest's warnings. Jennings said he is now involved because he found an anomaly on a picture of himself in which he has no neck. Jennings takes Thorn to the priest's residence, which he has access to due to the police investigation into his death, and they find an odd collection of crosses and Bible pages everywhere.Thorn and Jennings travel to Italy together to find the priest that gave him Damien at the hospital. They quickly learn that the hospital where Damien was born burned down in a mysterious fire five years ago, along with all the birth records. They go and find the priest, Father Spiletto, living in a remote monestery only to find him in very grave health. He is severly burned and has movement only in his left hand. Using a piece of charcoal, the priest points him in the direction of Damien's true mother.Thorn and Jennings travel to a local cemetery that lies in ruins, the former site of a shrine dedicated to the devil-god Techulca. They find the gravesites of both Damien's mother and the Thorns' baby... the mother's grave contains a jackal's remains, and the other grave contains a baby whose skull was crushed. Thorn realizes his baby was murdered (apparently by Spiletto and the Satanic conspirators) in order to swap its place with Damien. As they leave the cemetery, they are attacked by a pack of dogs led by a black rottweiler, and manage to escape.Robert calls his wife who is in hospital and tells her to come to Italy. However, she is thrown out of the hospital window by Mrs. Baylock as she gets up out of her bed.Back at the hotel, Thorn receives a phone call and finds out his wife has apparently jumped to her death from her hospital room. In his grief, he tells Jennings that he wants to go to Megiddo and that he wants Damien to die.Thorn and Jennings travel to Jerusalem and find that Megiddo is an archaelogic dig, almost completely underground. A man appears and takes them to Carl Bugenhagen (Leo McKern), the man the priest told Thorn to find. Bugenhagen is an elderly English archeologist who tells Thorn that he has been expecting him. He insists on talking to Thorn alone as Jennings is forced to wait outside the dig site. Bugenhagen gives Thorn seven special daggers, explains their significance and how to kill Damien. He also tells Thorn that Damien will have the mark of the Beast, three sixes, somewhere on his body.Thorn and Jennings leave, and Thorn flings the bundle of knives away saying he won't kill a child. Jennings goes after the knives, saying he will do it, and is suddenly killed in a freak accident when a truck mysteriously shifts into reverse by itself and a sheet of glass slides off the truck and decapitates Jennings in front of Thorn.Thorn flies home alone... with the knives, determined to kill Damien. When he returns to his house that night, he finds a rottweiler dog waiting for him, he succeeds in trapping it in the basement. Thorn then takes some scissors and searches the sleeping Damien's scalp for a birthmark in the form of a series of three sixes. Upon doing so, he discovers the sixes and all doubt about Damien's true identity are diminished. Mrs. Baylock then attacks him and as he takes Damien down the stairs. He fights her briefly before stabbing her with a kitchen knife. He then drags Damien into his car and speeds off to the local church.A police officer sees him speeding and pursues him. Thorn drives to the church with several police cars on his tail. He goes into the church and takes Damien kicking and screaming to the alter. He is about to stab him with the daggers, but he is shot by a police officer.The film ends with Robert Thorn and his wife's funeral in Arlington National Cemetery. Damien is seen having has been adopted by Robert's brother... who is the president of the United States. Damien looks into the camera and smiles somewhat menacingly as the prophecy of the antichrist is being fullfilled....
tags: mystery,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  good versus evil,  suspenseful, 

title: ...E tu vivrai nel terrore! L'aldilà
synopsis: New Orleans, Louisiana, 1927. An enraged posse of men descend on the isolated Seven Doors Hotel deep in the swamps. They grab an artist called Schweik (Antoine Saint John), who is cloistered there. Accusing him of being a warlock, Schweik is dragged down to the cellar where he is savagely beaten with heavy chains, tortured with quicklime acid, and crucified with his wrists nailed to a cellar wall, despite his dire warnings of evil to be unleashed.New Orleans, 1981. Liza Merril (Catriona MacColl) is a young woman who arrives from New York City to claim the hotel as her inheritance. No sooner has architect friend Marin Avery (Michele Mirabella) begins to show her around the property, strange incidents begin to happen. A painter (Anthony Flees) falls off his rig and is horribly injured, coughing up blood and babbling about, the eyes, the eyes. Dr. John McCabe (David Warbeck) arrives to take the injured man to the hospital, and offers Liza some sympathy. Next, a plumber, named Joe, attempts to repair a major leak in the flooded cellar. However, he is murdered by a presence that emerged from behind a slim-caked wall. The atmosphere at the hotel is further chilled by the creepy-looking servants, Arthur (Giampaolo Saccarola) and Martha (Veronica Lazar), who apparently come with the hotel. Martha discovers Joe's dead body in the cellar, and another much older cadaver lying in a pool of dirty water nearby. It is apparently that of Schweik, the artist.Driving down the 14-mile causeway to New Orleans, Liza encounters a strange blind woman, standing in the middle of the desolate highway. The blind woman introduces herself as Emily (Sarah Keller), and tells Liza that she has been waiting for her, although her eyes are occluded with cataracts. Liza drives Emily over to her opulently furnished house in New Orleans. Liza is warned by Emily to leave the hotel while she still can. Meanwhile at the hospital morgue, Dr. John McCabe is performing the autopsy on Joe the plumber while his assistant Harris (Al Cliver) wants to install an EMG machine to the corpse of Schweik. John laughs it off and leaves for lunch, while Harris remains behind to install the EMG machine. After Harris leaves for a call, the EMG machine begins pulsing with activity. A little later, Joe's wife Mary-Anne (Laura De Marchi) arrives with her daughter Jill (Maria Pia Marsale) to dress up her husband's corpse for the funeral, when she is killed in a horrific way by scalded with acid. Jill is then menaced by the re-animated cadaver of Schweik.Liza meets with John McCabe in a downtown bar to discuss her misgivings and anxieties. He expresses puzzlement when Lisa complains about he ineptitude of her weird servants. John claims to have never heard of them before despite knowing everyone in the area. Then a phone call from the bar arrives from Harris who informs John that Mary-Anne's body was found in the morgue, while Jill was found huddled in a corner frightened and unable to speak. After Joe and Mary-Anne's funeral, Emily appears again to Liza that evening at the hotel. Emily tells Liza about the warlock Schweik, who stayed in Room 36 of the hotel and about the supernatural underworld that the hotel conceals. The hotel was built over one of the Seven Gates of Hell, and Schweik has been the Guardian. Emily is about to reveal more when her hands wander over to a canvas depicting a desolate vision of lost souls in a terrible and arid landscape. Suddenly afraid, Emily says that the painting was painted by Schweik before he died, and she runs out of the hotel parlor into the night. But Liza notices a disquieting fact about her sudden departure: Emily made no footfalls on the bare wooden boards as she ran, and neither did her seeing-eye dog.The next day, Liza ventures nervously into Room 36, a dingy phantasmal of sheet-covered furniture and shafts of dusty light. She finds an ancient book, whose weirdly flesh-like cover bears the single word: Eibon. The closet breaths a cold hind of dark stygian realms from behind moth-eaten clothes. Liza tries to shrug off her fears and strides into the bathroom, only to be confronted with Schweiks rotting corpse nailed to the bathroom wall. She runs screaming from the discovery into the arms of the visiting John McCabe. The two of them return to the cursed room, but find nothing. Two nails are all that remain of Liza's nightmare vision. When Liza says she must have been over stimulated by Emily's tale, John queries her story by saying that there is no blind woman living at the house she described.Liza goes for a walk around New Orleans with Martin Avery, and they happen upon a old antiquarian bookshop. Just for a second, Lisa spies a copy of the book Eibon in the window. But when she runs into the shop, the book is gone. The weird old bookseller tells her that he never heard of a book by that name. Back at the hotel, Arthur is continuing his efforts to re-seal the hole in the cellar wall that Joe unwisely breached when he gets killed off-screen by unseen ghouls.Martin goes on alone to visit a local library in search of the original blueprints to the hotel. The strange librarian (director Lucio Fulci) leaves him alone as he goes out to lunch. Just when Martin discovers a clue in the Seven Doors Hotel blueprints, a bolt of lighting from the unseen forces of darkness knocks him off a high ladder to the floor, breaking his neck. Then, a horde of supernatural tarantulas appear and finish off the paralyzed Martin in a very gory way by eating his face off. Meanwhile, John investigates the house where Liza said she met Emily. But he discovers only a blasted, decaying shell of a house, empty of clues, except for one rotting item on the floor: the book of Eibon.At the hotel, Martha is continuing her lackluster efforts to clean up the hotel, and drain a scum-filled bathtub in Room 36. As the dirty water receds, the living coprse of Joe the plummer rises from the foul fluid. He impals the appalled housemaid through the back of her head on one of the nails jutting from the wall.Meanwhile, the semi-sinister Emily returns to her house which magically appears with all the posh furniture that was seen during Liza's visit. But then she is visited by the motionless, but menacing, figures of the recently dead; Arthur, Joe, Mary-Anne, and Schweik. Despite her pathetic pleas to be allowed to stay in the land of the living she is called back to Hell for she apparently served her purpose. Emily orders her guide-dog, Dickie, into action who attacks the rotting cadaver of Schweik. For a while, it seems that Emily's dog valiant efforts might save her. But with a mesmerizing stare from Schweik to the dog, and in a moment of devilish duplicity, Dickie turns on Emily herself, ripping out her throat in a welter of blood and gore.Back at the Seven Doors Hotel, Liza is suffering a supernatural assault during a visit to the cellar. John arrives from the hospital just in time to save her, but then accuses Liza of being in league with the forces of darkness. Just as John reveals from his research of the book of Eibon which he brought with him, that the hotel is one of the seven gateways to hell, a sudden storm erupts in the confides of the flooded cellar. As they flee to John's car and drive away, the hotel is seen lurking with the undead. The gates of hell have finally been opened.Driving around New Orleans, they notice that there is nobody in the streets. They arrive at the hospital where John gets a gun from his desk drawer, but discover that to their dismay that the nightmare has broken out there too. They run into a group of zombies that stagger through the corridors, and the phone lines are all cut. There are no bodies anywhere, yet no one seems to have survived the marauding undead. When John and Liza are separated, John finds his colleague Harris hiding in a storage room. John and Harris brief exchange of words ends when Harris is killed by flying glass by a magically shattered window, which impales him to a wall.Reunited, John and Liza find the exits blocked by groups of zombies. Corralled into the morgue, they find Jill there, and a fresh horde of reviving corpses. John begins shooting the zombies in the head to prevent them from reviving. Amidst the turmoil, Jill suddenly attacks Liza, her eyes cataracted with the stigma of the living dead. Jill is now an agent for the forces of darkness, as Emily had been. John whirls around and, without hesitating, blasts the young girl's face off with one bullet. A final appearance from the spectacularly rotting corpse of Schweik, drives the terrified couple down a spiral staircase into what should be the hospital basement. But to their utter bewilderment, they find themselves back in the cellar of the Seven Doors Hotel. Following a bright light emanating from a cloud of smoke, they walk through the large hole in the wall, and into a landscape of death depicted the warlock's painting; each horizon offering the same view of dead bodies scattered everywhere among the arid landscape. The porthole behind them closes, and there is no escape! John and Liza are trapped in the Beyond.... apparently for all eternity.Quote from the book of Eibon: And you will face the sea of darkness, and all therein may be explored.
tags: dark,  avant garde,  cruelty,  gothic,  murder,  bleak,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Yeogo goedam 3: Yeowoo gyedan
synopsis: In an all-female high school in South Korea, the Jookran High School for Girls, teacher Mrs. Park, nicknamed Old Fox due to her sadistic method of teaching, circles several points in the students' yearbooks and calls her former student turned new fellow teacher, Hur Eun-young, that Jin-ju, is definitely dead, but still attending school. Moments later, she is strangled with a noose by an unknown figure, her body later discovered the next day by three new senior students: the talented artist but superstitious Lim Ji-oh; the timid outsider, Yoon Jae-yi; and the weird, sullen, and deeply unpopular Kim Jung-sook. Ji-Oh and Jae-yi arrive early as they are the new class monitors, while Jung-sook has always been a die-hard studious student. Their form teacher position is now held by Mr. Oh, nicknamed Mad Dog, who likes to give corporal punishments to his students, in particular Ji-oh due to her superstitions, as well as harassing and overly praising the class' top scorer, Park So-young.
The discovery of Mrs. Park's body deeply impacts Ji-oh that she creates a painting of her body, which earns her a horrible punishment by Mr. Oh. Seeing Ji-oh dispirited, Jae-yi, a former artist before she decided to abandon her goals, agrees to teach her painting at the storage room, which used to be an art room before being abandoned and is rumored to be haunted. Ji-oh sees that So-young has been inhabiting the room for quite a while to hide her smoking habit. So-young, in the meantime, befriends Eun-young at the library.
Eun-young suspects that Ji-oh may have been Jin-ju's ghost since she carries bells that Jin-ju, her friend from high school, gave for her, though Ji-oh tells her that they were given by Jae-yi. This is puzzling as Ji-oh occupies Jin-ju's former seat in Form 3-3 and is interested in arts, like Jin-ju. One night, Mr. Oh, while patrolling the school, is terrorized by Jin-ju and killed by stabbing while wrapped in curtain. His post is replaced by a more manageable teacher. The next night, Ji-oh visits the storage room to paint but finds Jung-sook and So-young bickering, ending with So-young storming out after criticizing Jung-sook and calling her jaded. Jung-sook commits suicide in a manner similar to Mrs. Park's: hanging herself by a noose from a bridge.
So-young is tearful and reveals to Eun-young that she is involved in a situation similar to Eun-young and Jin-ju once were: she used to be close to Jung-sook, but the teachers started comparing them and they drifted apart, with Jung-sook growing bitter as time went on and becoming withdrawn. While Ji-oh is painting she notices a floorboard that is broken and coming apart. Ji-oh discovers a statue created by Eun-young for Jin-ju beneath the plank and also discovers Mr. Oh's body when she shifts something in the dirt and finds a hand with a ring which he wears. Jin-ju died in the storeroom while trying to save the statue as it fell she tripped and with it everything came down, including the sculpting knives which ultimately killed her. Eun-young meanwhile learns from the yearbooks that Jin-ju had entered the school from year after year posing as false students and is currently posing as Jae-yi. Eun-young is confronted by Jae-yi/Jin-ju, the latter angry and accusing Eun-young that she is becoming more like Mrs. Park. Eun-young escapes with a cut to her arm as Jin-ju is distracted by Jioh screaming. Eun-young is chased by Jin-ju but is cornered into room 3-3, their homeroom and Jae-yi/Jin-ju's current homeroom.
Before Jin-ju can kill her, Ji-oh comes into the homeroom and asks her to stop her terror and to rest in peace since she is not even human. Jin-ju says that all she wanted was to live a normal high school life and she wanted someone who would love her fearlessly as Eun-young couldn't. Jin-ju disappears after Ji-oh and Eun-young plead with her that they will correct the misgivings that happened to them at a teacher and student level and that they will never forget her. After Jin-ju disappears, the walls and the school all bleed blood while Eun-young and Ji-oh, tired by the ordeals, sit in the room resting. Ji-oh rests her head in Eun-young's lap as she gently strokes her hair.
Eun-young and Ji-oh are still in the classroom when they are visited by a student the next day. The student leaves upon seeing the two and walks down the corridor, and as the student turns around, it is revealed that she is Jung-sook's ghost.
tags: dramatic,  horror, 

title: Evil Dead II
synopsis: The first 15 minutes of the film acts as an edited account of The Evil Dead. This alternate version starts with protagonist Ashley 'Ash' J. Williams (Bruce Campbell), and girlfriend Linda (Denise Bixler), driving to an abandoned cabin high in the mountains. Within the cabin plays a piano while Linda dances in underwear. He has recently given her a silver chain with a little magnifying glass on it. When Ash goes into another room to get a bottle of champagne, and Linda changes out of the rest of her clothes, he finds a reel-to-reel tape player and switches it on. The recording explains that the cabin belongs to a Prof. Raymond Knowby (John Peakes) who was busy translating passages from Necronomicon Ex Mortis (called Morturom Demonto in the recording), the Book of the Dead, which they found in the Castle of Candar, beside a ceremonial knife with a skull on its handle. The tape says that it is through the recitation of the book's passages that this dark spirit is given license to possess the living, then precedes to recite one of the passages, which awakens an evil force that possesses Linda.Discovering Linda's disappearance, our Hero ventures outside and is attacked by the now-demonfied Linda. Panicking, the terrified Ash gets lucky and manages to decapitate the love of his life with a handy shovel. Following this murder, Mr. Williams decides to do the decent thing and buries his, now headless, girlfriend, keeping the silver necklace and pendant.It's at this point the summary of the first film ends as the evil force sweeps through the woods and cabin and spins the stressed Ash through the woods, possessing him. Fortunately the sun comes up and drives away the Candarian demon, the mist in the woods retreats into various trees, and the cloudiness from Ash's eyes, leaving Ash perfectly healthy, if not a little depressed. He has a little nap in the woods.Looking at the cabin, Ash sees a face superimposed on it and hears a voice saying Join Us. Ash bravely clambers into his Oldsmobile and makes a dash for freedom only to find that the bridge is now destroyed (the gap it spans is much shorter than the bridge they drove over when arriving), presumably by evil forces. The sun goes down rapidly and yet again the evil pursues him, branches whipping into his face, a tree stump stopping the car abruptly enough to send Ash flying out the windshield, to have his face stopped by a tree. He runs the rest of the way through the woods to the cabin, and the pursuit continues, through at least 9 doors between 10 rooms and an unfinished hallway in the small cabin, but Ash, using all his cunning, evades it by hiding under a trap door. The evil presence continues back outside and retreats into the woods.At an airport, Annie Knowby (Sarah Berry) arrives by plane, with 3000-year-old pages of the Book of the Dead, and is picked up by her boyfriend Ed Gentley (Richard Domeier). They start their drive to the cabin to join her father.Following a manly little nap, our terrified and bloodied hero wakes in an armchair to piano music, and finds that the piano is playing itself. The music must remind him of Linda as he takes the silver necklace from his pocket. Some boards barricading a window fall, and looking outside he sees the Linda's grave marker fall over and her headless and already badly decomposed corpse (Ted Raimi) re-animate and dance, and regain its much fresher head, which can conveniently keep facing in one direction while the body spins around many times. Her moves include seductively straddling a tree limb. She then vanishes into the dark, then reappears just outside the window and grabs Ash, telling him to dance with her. After being slammed into the window barricades several times he breaks free, and Linda's head falls off again.Ash discovers that he is back in the chair, screaming. Was the dancing corpse a dream? The window barricade seems intact. Suddenly Linda's smiling head drops into Ash's lap, says hello, lover, and bites hard into his right hand between thumb and forefinger. Unable to remove the head he rushes to the work shed and clamps it in a vise, causing it to release its grip, and it starts to mock Mr. Williams, who has already had a trying day. He reaches for the spot on the tool shelf marked for the chainsaw, but it's not there. The headless torso charges into the shed and attacks Ash with a chainsaw, but he deflects it with a crowbar and the corpse clumsily saws into itself, not having an attached head to let it see what it's doing. He pries the chainsaw from the body and the detached arm still holding in, and yanks on the pull-start cord. The head, looking much nicer, begs not to be hurt, then spews black bile and turns evil again, and Ash destroys it. She's obviously gotten on Ash's bad side since she gets no further burial.Upon returning to the cabin and trading the chainsaw for a double-barrel shotgun and a handful of extra shells, Ash is further frightened by an unseen entity moving the rocking chair and moaning. It stops when he brings his right hand near it. Dropping the shotgun, he tries to console himself by telling his reflection in the mirror that everything is fine. However, his reflection suddenly comes to life, leans out of the mirror, and contradicts him, laughing at Ash's predicament and then throttling Ash before vanishing, leaving Ash holding himself by the throat. He taps the mirror with his right hand, but it is just an ordinary mirror again.Dark veins radiate outwards from the bite wounds on the edge of Ash's right hand as it mutates and grows longer finger nails, and it begins to move around under its own control, and make strange laughing noises, then starts attacking Ash by grabbing his face. He holds it down and screams to be given back his hand.Annie and Ed's drive is blocked by workman Jake (Dan Hicks) putting a barricade in front of the destroyed bridge. Bobby Joe (Kassie Wesley DePaiva), leaning on their car, says that there isn't any other road that leads there, and Jake points out that there is a trail through the woods, and that they would lead them there for $40... $100. Annie says sure, if they also carry the luggage. Sly grins all around.Ash tries drowning his evil hand, and it smashes crockery over his head and bangs his head into the sink, hits him, and flips him onto the floor. After a few more plates and bottles, it spots a cleaver and starts to drag Ash's unconscious body towards it. But Ash wakes up stabs his own hand, pinning it to the floor, and hacks it off with the very chainsaw he used only moments ago to carve his lover to pieces. He starts it by pulling the rope with his teeth. Who's laughing now? He binds the stump of his arm with cloth and duct tape.Annie, Ed, and Bobby Joe are preceding through the dark woods, trailed by Jake struggling along under a huge trunk.Ash traps his amputated hand under a tin and a few books (including A Farewell To Arms), but it escapes and hides inside the wall. Ash fires several shells into the wall, and the hand taunts him, then gets its thumb caught in a rat trap. It shakes that off and gives Ash the one-finger salute. After several more shots, the walls begin to bleed, then spew like firehoses, spraying Ash and covering the entire room in blood. Suddenly the blood turns black and vanishes back into the walls. Ash sits on a chair that breaks under his weight. An evil-looking deer head mounted on the wall suddenly begins to laugh at Ash, and other items in the house, such as lamps, cabinets, and books, join in. Ash, who appears to be losing his sanity, laughs along with them. The laughter ends abruptly when Ash hears movement outside the front door, and unloads the shotgun into it.The people at the door are Annie Knowby (Sarah Berry), Prof Knowby's daughter, who has pages of the Necronomicon with her, boyfriend Ed Gentley (Richard Domeier) - who's not really important as he'll be hacked to pieces within 15 minutes - and their two red neck guides, Jake (Dan Hicks) and his honey Bobbie Jo (Kassie Wesley DePaiva). Ash shoots through the door, clearly on his last nerve. This result in grazing Bobby Jo. Ed and Jake beat Ash as Annie notices the absence of her parents in the cabin. After seeing the blood on the chainsaw and on Ash, they come to the conclusion that he killed Annie's parents. The four newcomers throw Ash into the fruit cellar.Annie, Ed, Jake, and Bobby Jo listen to recordings of Professor Knowby's, where they learn that Knowby killed Henrietta (Lou Hancock) - Annie's mother - after she became possessed, and buried her body in the fruit cellar. Surprisingly Henrietta then rises from the grave and attacks the luckless Ash. The other four take pity on him and release him from his basement prison, hauling him out of by his head, and force the demon wife into the cellar, although this procedure results in Jake getting grabbed by the face, Ed similarly grabbed and thrown into the wall, and Bobby Jo getting a mouthful of flying eye ball. Fortunately Henrietta is locked underground.But that's not this demon done yet, it takes human form and tries to persuade Annie to let it out (that's right, she's a crafty Candarian demon). Ash sees through this trick, grabs Annie and shakes his head. This sheer act of manliness overwhelms Annie and makes her say That thing in the cellar is not my mother. At this point it becomes apparent that Ed too has rudely became possessed, levitating, and, even more rudely takes a bite out of Bobby Jo's hair and tells them all that they will be Dead by Dawn. Other corpse-oids join in on the chant. Jake is thrown up and breaks a light bulb with his head. Ash appears to flee at this point and receives a shouting from Annie.But lo and behold our hero has not fled and as the others have been frozen with fear Ash returns brandishing an axe. He hacks Ed to pieces (told you), spraying green slime everywhere.In a lull, Jake notices through the barricaded window that the trail they came in on just ain't there no more. The clocks pendulum stops suddenly. It's so quiet. For a moment. Following some unconvincing sound affects, the spirit of the professor appears ghost-like before them and says that the pages Annie possesses are the key to dispelling the evil dead. Bobby Jo then discovers Ash's possessed disembodied hand holding hers, and she screams, and knocks down their only oil lamp, and runs into the forest, where she is attacked and killed by the trees.Annie and Ash find a drawing in the pages of the book she brought along which depicts a hero in 1300 A.D. said to have dispelled the evil; the hero appears as a figure with a chainsaw-like hand and a boomstick. Hysterical with fear for Bobby Jo, Jake picks up the shotgun and brandishes it at the others. Ash tries to convince Jake that Bobby Jo is dead, but Jake grows furious and throws the book pages into the cellar, and forces everyone to go after her. Outside, the trees are moving, and not the way they would in a wind. The group goes into the woods, only to discover that the trail has disappeared. A demon rushes them, again possessing Ash, and throws Jake into a tree. Ash chases Annie back to the cabin. She grabs the bone dagger from the first movie and accidentally stabs Jake as he is trying to get back into the cabin.She has to pull Jake's body inside so that she can shut the door. Ash pounds on the door, then suddenly stops. Annie removes the dagger from Jake and then drags him to a safer place, right next to the cellar door, where of course Henrietta pops up and drags him in head-first to kill him. Annie is hosed by a tsunami of blood. Ash attacks Annie, accidentally ripping her necklace off her neck. As she lays unconscious, Ash looks at the necklace and reverts to his normal self after being reminded of Linda. After convincing a terrified axe-wielding Annie that he is no longer possessed, Ash and Annie agree to vanquish the evil together, for which they'll need those pages in the basement.This calls for an awesome montage, as Ash uses his technical know-how to convert the chainsaw into a chainsaw hand, fitting firmly on his amputated stump and sawing the end of his shotgun. The scene ends up with a close up of his rugged face and he announces Groovy. This establishes that the previous coward has become a lean mean deadite slaying machine.Ash and Annie return to the cabin, where Ash cuts the cellar doors in half, and enters the cellar and finds the pages strewn about the floor, seemingly leading him deeper into the darkness. Henrietta leaps out of the cellar door and attacks Annie. Ash emerges from the cellar and begins fighting with flying Henrietta; he has the upper hand until Henrietta transforms into a more vicious demonic form. Ash is saved when Annie distracts Henrietta by singing a lullaby that Henrietta sang to her when she was a girl. While Henrietta is focused on Annie, Ash uses his chainsaw to decapitate and dismember the demon, then deals the final blow by delivering a shotgun blast to its head. I'll swallow your soul!' Swallow this! Annie & Ash have a tender hugging moment, and then the trees attack.Annie takes the pages and begins translating the text to manifest the evil, which appears in the form of a large bloody head covered in the faces of those it has possessed, and the power to wilt flowers. While Ash is grabbed by tree branches and brought closer to the creature, which he tries to fend off. The chainsaw in its eye seems to irritate it. Annie recites the incantation to rid the earth of the evil. A large vortex opens up just outside the cabin, gravitating everything around into it, including Ash's car, a large tree, and the evil itself. Annie is then stabbed in the back by Ash's severed hand with the bone knife. With her dying breaths, she speaks the last words of the incantation, and the giant head and its tree hands are sucked into the vortex before it disappears. Ash is left in the cabin with Annie's body for a moment, before the door is ripped away showing that the vortex is still there. Ash is sucked in along with trees and many items from the cabin.Ash, his car, and a tree fall from the sky and land on a large block of rock. He looks up and finds himself surrounded by armoured and mounted medieval knights. The knights are about to attack Ash when a winged demonic creature swoops down from the sky, terrifying the knights as they scatter. Ash reaches for his shotgun and blows the creature's head off. The knights gather around Ash as he prepares to defend himself. One knight then lifts his face plate and declares, Hail he who hath fallen from the sky to deliver us from the terror of the Deadites! The army of medieval warriors then falls to their knees and begins chanting hail as Ash realizes that he is in fact the prophesied Hero from the Sky. The film closes with Ash shaking his head in disbelief and screaming No! as the camera pans out to show the large army that now awaits Ash's command.
tags: comedy,  avant garde,  dark,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  atmospheric,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  humor,  tragedy,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Alien: Resurrection
synopsis: Hundreds of years after the events of Alien³, doctors aboard a spaceship called the USN Auriga are working on a secret project for the military; they have been attempting to produce a clone of Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) working from a blood sample that was collected from Fiorina Fury 161, the planet where she died. In doing so, they hope that they can harvest the alien embryo, a queen of the species, that was gestating inside of her at the time. Dr. Wren (J.E. Freeman) and his team of colleagues have succeeded with their eighth attempt. They operate on the Ripley clone and remove the embryonic alien, which is still too small to struggle with the robotic arms used for the operation. After the alien is removed, Dr. Wren and his colleague, Dr. Gediman (Brad Dourif), decide to keep the clone alive for further study. They repair the wound in her chest. As she recovers, she notices a numeral 8 tattooed on one of her arms.The Ripley clone begins to gain consciousness and mature at an unprecedented rate. The ship's doctors go through exercises with her regarding language and learning, and she responds positively. She also exhibits a frightening predatory physical power, able to break her bonds and attack at will. The doctors and orderlies are only barely able to subdue her. She seems to share DNA with the alien creatures, explaining her unusual strength, and her blood is also slightly acidic. The experiment angers General Perez (Dan Hedaya), the military figure in charge of the operation, who calls her a meat byproduct. He is only interested in the alien queen, which has also grown at a terrifying rate; it is now almost full size and is contained within a cell on the ship.The Ripley clone seems to sense what is going on. One day she eats with Gediman and Wren, and she reveals a startling flash of her former self; it seems as if the clone has retained some of Ripley's memories and personality traits. It is almost as if the woman herself has been recreated and is slowly awakening. Ripley has a fragmented conversation with Gediman. How did you...? she asks. Gediman tells her how they painstaking recreated her, and she intuitively guesses that they wanted the alien. Even in her dazed condition, she is cynical and tells them that they can't control it.Enter the Betty, a ragtag ship carrying a crew of space pirates. Their cargo is the crew of another ship, still in their cryogenic containers and asleep, unaware that they have been hijacked. General Perez has hired the crew, led by Frank Elgyn (Michael Wincott), to deliver the unfortunate sleeping travelers to be used for breeding the aliens. Before long the kidnapped people have been impregnated with aliens, and a number of drone aliens are now in containment units on board the ship.The Betty crew find Ripley exercising in a rec center, tossing a basketball around. Johner (Ron Perlman), one of the Betty's crew and a brutish, scarred man, attempts to engage her in a predatory manner of flirting, but Ripley easily out-maneuvers and fights back against him and one of his comrades, Christie (nm023542), and proves herself to be physically powerful beyond their expectations. At one point, her nose is bloodied; when she wipes off the blood and flicks it onto the floor, it begins to dissolve the surface, much like the blood of the aliens.One of the Betty's crew, a young waifish girl named Annalee Call (Winona Ryder), seems to have a different agenda. She slips away from the others and finds Ripley's containment unit, gaining illegal access to it. There she finds Ripley and wakes her up; Call admits that she came here to kill Ripley, but Ripley is far too cunning to allow that. She even deliberately presses her hand onto Call's knife; the resulting wound heals itself rapidly and her blood corrodes the blade. Call can tell that the doctors have removed the alien embryo already, and she tells Ripley that she is just a clone, something the doctors consider only a byproduct. Ripley seems confused and hurt by this, but she knows it is true. She releases Call, who goes outside the cell only to be intercepted by guards and Dr. Wren.Wren is furious about Call's trespassing, and he attempts to execute the crew of the Betty as terrorists. A number of things happen simultaneously. The Betty crew has a battle with soldiers who have orders to execute them. Gediman, who is experimenting with adult aliens in a cell, inadvertently teaches them how to use the pacifying equipment in the cell, which sprays freezing gas. Together the aliens revolt; two of them gang up on a third and kill it, causing its acid blood to eat through the floor of the containment unit. Gediman is snatched away by one of the aliens. Now loose, the aliens quickly begin to take over the ship. Ripley escapes from her cell when aliens begin to break through the door. The ship goes into emergency mode and some people escape in life pods; the unfortunate ones are killed by aliens. The crew of the Betty bands together, but Elgyn is killed by the creatures.Ripley joins Call and the others as they make their way across the Auriga to the bay where the Betty is docked. Ripley also discovers that the Auriga is actually moving. Wren scoffs, saying she couldn't possibly know because the ship is equipped with stealth run. However, Ripley's heightened senses are correct, the ship is moving, traveling rapidly back to homebase: Earth. The crew of the Betty is disheartened since Earth has become a polluted wasteland. They take Wren with them, although he is more of a hostage.Along the way they find the laboratory where Gediman and the others created the Ripley clones; inside are the previous seven attempts, all of them hideously deformed and bizarre human/alien hybrids. Six are dead and contained in stasis tubes, but the seventh attempt is the most heartbreaking; she is human enough to be identifiable, yet her limbs and her body are misshapen and alien. Even worse, she is still living, kept alive by tubes and ventilators. Ripley 8 is horrified, realizing now exactly what she is and where she came from. Ripley 7 begs her to kill her, and Ripley 8 uses a flamethrower and grenades to destroy the other clones. Wren is morbidly amused by her inner turmoil over her bizarre identity, and Ripley 8 looks at him in utter rage and disgust. Johner has no idea what caused Ripley's rampage; Must be a chick thing! he quips.The crew makes another strange discovery: the room containing what's left of the hijacked crew that the Betty crew delivered to General Perez. One of the crew members, Purvis (Leland Orser), is still alive, but Ripley suggests they leave him behind. She can sense that he is gestating an alien embryo, having been impregnated by a facehugger. Call insists that they bring him along, that perhaps if they make it to the Betty in time, they can put him in cryostasis long enough for some sort of surgery to be performed on him.A hitch in their escape plan occurs when they find that they are forced to traverse the mess hall; unfortunately, it is completely underwater now due to a flood that occurred during the chaos of the alien escape. Vriess (Dominique Pinon) has to leave his powered wheelchair behind, and is harnessed to Christie's back. Everyone must hold their breath for a painful amount of time, and Sabra Hillard (Kim Flowers) from the Betty is snatched along the way by aliens that emerge, swimming after her. Ripley watches, strangely fascinated by the creatures.When they emerge on the other side of the tunnel, they find that they've been ambushed; the shaft leading upwards from the mess hall has been festooned with alien eggs, which eject facehuggers at the humans. Ripley gets one on her face, but her inhuman strength allows her to rip it away from herself (a strange twist on the similar incident that happened to her in Aliens). Grenades clear the shaft of eggs and allows the crew to climb the ladder to the top, but aliens emerge from the water below them and attack. When Call and Wren reach the top of the shaft first, Wren talks her into giving him her gun and shoots her in the chest; her body falls back down into the water and drifts away. Ripley is horrified, as she has found something strangely compelling about Call. Christie (Gary Dourdan) is wounded and grabbed by an alien, and then sacrifices his life to give Vriess a chance to get away. Wren has escaped the shaft and sealed everyone else inside, but the door eventually opens again from the other side; Call has somehow survived the gunshot and rescued them.Ripley is not fooled, as she knows she saw Call get shot in the chest at close range. She makes Call show everyone the wound, revealing wires and white android blood. Call confesses that she is one of a legendary second generation of androids who were so lifelike that they gained consciousness and rebelled, burning their internal wireless modems and trying to pass themselves as human. The soldier Vincent Distephano (Raymond Cruz) who is with them is geeked about actually seeing this kind of android; Call seems humiliated that her secret has been discovered. Ripley now understands why she feels a kinship with Call; both of them are somehow artificial, creatures that have been created in the likeness of human beings but who are distinctively different.Knowing Call's capabilities, Ripley takes her to a small chapel, where they find a computer interface. Although Call does not want to make use of her android functions, Ripley urges her to take over the Auriga's computer. Call discovers that the Auriga went into emergency mode after the attack; it is now automatically returning to Earth, where surely the aliens will escape and infect the human race. The ship has burned too much energy for Call to make critical mass and blow it, so Ripley tells her to crash the ship. Call blocks Wren from reaching the Betty and makes a sarcastic announcement summoning all aliens to the deck where he is. Call reveals that before the recall, she accessed the mainframe and discovered the plans that General Perez had for cultivating the aliens by cloning Ripley. Her personal mission was to destroy the operation and keep this from happening, as she understands that the aliens will wipe out humankind.When they set out for the Betty again, Ripley is snatched through the floor grating by aliens. Her connection to the creatures comes full circle; they recognize her as one of their own and take her to the nest, which is crawling with aliens and which also contains the queen. Gediman is there as well, cocooned and delirious, and he tells Ripley that the queen inherited Ripley's human reproductive cycle. After laying her first round of eggs, she gives birth as a human being would, developing a strange, uterus-like pod and birthing a bizarre creature that resembles a human being crossed with an alien. This Newborn kills the queen and embraces Ripley as its mother. It attacks Gediman, biting off the top of his head. Ripley escapes the nest and races to rejoin the others as the Betty takes off. She makes it just in time, making an impossibly long leap from the deck to the ship. With their pilots dead, Ripley seems to be the only one of them who has the experience to fly the ship. Are you kidding? she tells them, This piece of shit's older than I am.There is final confrontation when Call goes to close the bay door and discovers the Newborn has stowed away. She barely manages to evade it. Distephano comes into the bay and is killed. Ripley senses that something is wrong and comes back to find the Newborn cornering Call. She distracts it by speaking soothingly to it; it trusts Ripley as it thinks she is its mother. She deliberately cuts her hand on its sharp teeth and flicks her acidic blood onto a glass porthole. Her blood dissolves a hole in the glass, depressurizing the cabin and sucking the Newborn onto the window. It hovers there pitifully as it is slowly drawn violently out through the tiny hole; Ripley feels torn between her desire to exterminate the species and the loyalty she feels toward them since she has their DNA. She watches in horror as the Newborn is slowly destroyed, aware that it is dying.The Auriga crashes on Earth and is destroyed. The Betty breaches Earth's atmosphere safely and Ripley and Call look out the porthole at the clouds and the sun, dazed by their experience and wondering what the future will hold for both of them. Neither one has ever been to Earth before. In the alternate version of the film released on DVD in 2003, a wide shot shows Call and Ripley sitting in the hills overlooking a desolate and ruined Paris.
tags: boring,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  action, 

title: The Hills Have Eyes
synopsis: The film begins with three men testing for radioactivity in the New Mexico desert. Suddenly a bloody man jumps into one of the men view, begging for help. Pluto, a mutant disfigured by nuclear testing stabs one of the men and violently bangs him on the ground. The other two men are then quickly slaughtered and chained to the back of a car, which is driven away.Ethel Carter (Kathleen Quinlan) and her husband, Big Bob Carter (Ted Levine), a retired police detective, are traveling from Cleveland, Ohio to San Diego, California on their silver wedding anniversary. Also present is their daughter Brenda (Emilie de Ravin), son Bobby (Dan Byrd), eldest daughter Lynn (Vinessa Shaw), her husband Doug Bukowski (Aaron Stanford), their baby daughter Catherine (Maisie Camilleri Preziosi), and the German Shepherds, Beauty and Beast. While Big Bob talks to the gas station manager, we see a mutant grab Bobby's red sweatshirt out of the car and run off. Bobby and Brenda head away from the building and Bobby goes into a nearby outhouse. He is urinating when he sees someone watching him through the window. It was the mutant who stole his red sweatshirt from the car. After believing one of the family has seen the contents of the holdall, the attendant tells Bob of a shortcut through the hills which is actually the secret trap.After driving a few miles along the shortcut, the tires are punctured by a hidden spike belt and the truck's wheels burst, causing the truck to crash into a nearby ditch. Bob walks back to the gas station for a tow truck, and Doug walks the opposite way to get help. Meanwhile, the remaining members of the family are being watched by someone through a pair of binoculars. Beauty runs off into the hills and Bobby chases after her, eventually finding her gutted corpse. Frightened and distraught, Bobby runs off, but slips and falls, knocking himself unconscious. A young female mutant named Ruby, who had stolen his sweatshirt, (Laura Ortiz) comes across him and is intrigued by him, while her brother Goggle (Ezra Buzzington) chews over the dead dog.Later, Bob finally makes it to the station and finds the hysterical gas station attendant, who commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. In fear, Bob tries to flee from the scene in a car. But he gets attacked by the mutant leader, Papa Jupiter (Billy Drago), and gets carried off into the mining caves nearby by Jupiter, along with Jupiter's eldest son, Lizard (Robert Joy), and Pluto.When Bobby awakes, he returns to the trailer and does not tell his family of Beauty's demise. Lynn tells him that they tried the CB and heard heavy breathing. Beast breaks free of his chain and runs into the hills where he finds what's left of Beauty. Doug returns from the road he traveled, a dead end which ended in a bomb crater filled with cars, with a fishing pole, a baseball bat, and a teddy bear. Bobby is worried about his father who has not yet returned; Doug promises Bobby they will search for Bob if he does not return by midnight. As they try to sleep, Pluto sneaks into the trailer, finds Brenda, and attempts to rape her. Outside the trailer, Bobby wakes up Lynn and Doug, telling them about the people in the hills, and of Beauty's death. Inside Pluto holds Brenda down and prevents her from screaming. The others are about to discover Pluto when suddenly, an explosion in the distance draws their attention. Discovering that Bob has been tied to a tree and set on fire, Doug runs into the trailer to fetch a fire extinguisher as Lizard slips inside unnoticed. As everyone unknowingly leaves the helpless Brenda alone with the two violent men, Lizard notices Pluto's unsuccessful efforts to rape Brenda. Furious, he throws Pluto off and does it himself. Pluto then sees Catherine in her crib and observes her as Lizard continues to rape Brenda.Doug manages to put out the fire, and unties Bob, already dead, while Lynn returns to the trailer to see why Brenda is screaming and is greeted by Lizard, holding baby Catherine and Big Bob's gun while Pluto is holding Brenda. After Lynn hits him with a frying pan, Lizard disarms her and threatens Catherine with the gun. He forces open Lynn's blouse and sucks the milk from her breasts. Ethel enters with a large flat rock, attempting to pulverize Lizard, but Pluto calls out to warn him. Lizard, spotting her, shoots her in the stomach. Lynn then uses a screwdriver and stabs Lizard, who then shoots her in the head. Pluto and Lizard flee the trailer, holding Brenda and Catherine hostage. When Lizard hears Doug and Bobby approaching, he tries to shoot Brenda, but the gun is out of bullets. He promises Brenda that he will be back for her before fleeing with Pluto, who still has the baby.Doug and Bobby return to the trailer, discover the bodies, and realize that Catherine has been taken. Goggle, the mutant who killed Beauty, watches the trailer through binoculars, but he is attacked and killed by Beast. The next morning, Doug goes off in pursuit of their attackers; Beast leads Doug through a tunnel that contains the graves of miners. Once out of the tunnel, Doug finds an abandoned nuclear testing village and enters the house where Catherine is kept, but is knocked unconscious by Big Mama (Ivana Turchetto), who he thought was busy watching television. He then awakes in an icebox where the mutants keep the bodies of their victims. He panics and bangs on the plastic cover, eventually knocking it loose. He returns to his task of finding Catherine, only to encounter Big Brain (Desmond Askew), who tells him the story of the mutants, who were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear tests, and then getting attacked by Pluto who breaks through a door. After a fierce struggle, during which Doug loses the ring finger and pinkie on his left hand, he is able to trick him by pretending to cry. Pluto laughs and gets momentarily distracted, giving Doug time to slam a screwdriver through his foot and the floor, pinning him down. He then takes a small American flag and shoves it through the back of Pluto's throat, and finally finishes him by slamming the blade of his own axe into his head.Doug then surprises the mutant Cyst (Gregory Nicotero) outside the house and uses Pluto's axe to kill him, chopping his knee open and knocking him over the hood of a car, where he is axed in the back and is finally killed when Doug swings the pick end into his eye. Doug takes his shotgun and heads off. Big Brain tells Lizard to kill Catherine, but is killed by Beast. Lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to kill Catherine, but finds that instead of Catherine, it is a pig. Ruby has taken Catherine and run into the hills. Lizard knows this and begins to chase her, enraged by her deceit. Doug sees Ruby on the hill and chases her as well.At the trailer, Ethel's body is stolen and dragged into the hills, and Bobby finds Papa Jupiter eating Ethel's heart. Jupiter pursues Bobby to the trailer, where Brenda releases gas from the propane tanks as Bobby runs inside, attaching a strip of matches to the sliding door behind him. Bobby binds Papa Jupiter's hand to the window. After he and Brenda escape, Jupiter breaks free of the bungee cord, and opens the sliding door, which strikes the matches and ignites the gas inside the trailer, causing it to explode.In the hills, Ruby is about to return Catherine to Doug when Lizard attacks. Doug beats and then shoots Lizard in the chest, neck, and finally the shoulder. Ruby gives Catherine back to Doug, who does not notice Lizard stand up, having survived. Ruby throws herself at Lizard, plunging them over a cliff, stopping Lizard from shooting Doug and Catherine and sacrificing herself in the process. Bobby and Brenda walk through the ruins of their trailer and find Papa Jupiter still alive, though impaled. Brenda kills Papa Jupiter with a pickax to the head. Brenda then spots Doug with Catherine and Beast, and the four are reunited. As they celebrate their apparent victory, a pair of anonymous binoculars watches from the hills.(Source: Wikipedia)
tags: murder,  violence,  horror,  tragedy,  revenge,  entertaining,  sadist, 

title: Let Me In
synopsis: March 1983. Los Alamos, New Mexico. A group of police cars, with sirens wailing, escort an ambulance to Los Alamos Memorial Hospital. They are carrying an unidentified 50-year old man with acid burns to the face. He is placed on a respirator because the toxic fumes from the acid have seared his lungs and thus compromised his ability to breathe. A Detective (Elias Koteas) attempts to speak with him, asking him to identify himself and wondering whether he is a part of a Satanic cult. He gets no reply. A nurse calls him to the front desk to take a telephone call from the receptionist in the lobby who reports that the man's daughter is asking about him. Hearing a sudden change in the beeping of his respirator, the nurse returns to the man's room and screams. The man has jumped out of his tenth floor window to his death, leaving only a note that reads: I'm sory [sic] Abby.Two weeks earlier. Twelve-year-old Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is sitting alone in the snow-covered courtyard of his apartment building, singing to himself, until his mother (Cara Buono) calls him for dinner. Owen's parents are in the process of a nasty divorce, and Owen is often left to eat alone and amuse himself by playing alone in his room. One evening, he notices a girl (Chloë Grace Moretz) about his age and her father (Richard Jenkins) moving into the apartment next door to his. Oddly, she is wearing no shoes.The next day at school, Owen is picked on as usual by three older boys -- Kenny (Dylan Minnette) and his friends Mark (Jimmy 'Jax' Pinchak) and Donald (Nicolai Dorian). Out of fear, wimpy Owen doesn't fight back, even though they give him a wedgie, causing him to urinate on himself. That evening, as he sits in the courtyard rehearsing knife attacks on his tormentors, he notices the new girl, Abby, watching him. She's not very friendly and tells him right off that they can't be friends. Not long afterwards, her father walks through the courtyard. It is revealed to the viewers, and what Owen doesn't know, is that he is not Abby's father...he is her 'renfield' and Abby is a vampire. It is his job to bring Abby fresh blood, which he gets by killing other humans. First he stalks them, then renders them unconscious, then he strings them up by the feet, slits their jugular veins, and catches the blood in a jug.Unfortunately, 'Father' is having problems securing blood for her. On his first kill after moving into the new apartment, he stalks a local all-night supermarket where he breaks into the car of a local woman. At a railroad crossing, he knocks her out, takes her to the woods, strings her up by her ankles, slices her throat wide open and drains her of her blood. But afterwards, he trips in the snow, spilling the blood on the ground. Consequently, Abby is beginning to get hungry and annoyed.The next evening, Abby and Owen run into each other again in the courtyard. Once again, he notices that Abby is not wearing shoes. What's more, her stomach is growling fiercely, and she smells bad. Still, Owen shares with her his Rubik's cube and shows her how to work it. After Owen has gone inside, Abby goes hunting. She waits in the shadows under a bridge. When a man walks by, she feigns falling and asks him to help her. The man picks her up, intending to carry her to her home. Suddenly Abby latches onto him and bites his neck. Father is livid when Abby tells him what she has done, but he dutifully cleans it up by dumping the victim's body into a small lake.The next morning as he leaves for school, Owen finds his Rubik's Cube in the courtyard, completely solved. That evening, Abby is waiting for him in the courtyard. This time, she is more friendly and takes the time to explain to Owen how she went about solving the puzzle. She also smells better, but it's odd that she cannot remember her birth date when Owen asks. Since Abby doesn't know her birth date, she doesn't celebrate her birthdays and gets no presents, so Owen offers her the Rubik's cube.The next day, while the class is supposed to be watching Romeo and Juliet, Owen is busy copying the symbols for Morse code. He is later confronted in the lavatory by Kenny, Mark, and Donald. Kenny asks what he was working on during class. When Owen refuses to show him, Kenny hits Owen with a metal antenna, raising a gash on his left cheek. Owen later tells his distant and non-attentive mother at dinner that he fell during recess.After dinner, Owen meets with Abby as usual in the apartment courtyard. When she sees the bandaid on Owen's cheek, he tells her the truth about what happened. She warns him that he must hit them back hard and then they'll stop. If they don't stop, Abby promises to help him. Owen shares with Abby the Morse code that he copied. That night, they practice tapping on the wall that separates their apartments. The next day at school, Owen signs up for the weight-lifting program. Later, he takes Abby to an arcade and to play Ms. Pacman. He offers her a Now & Later (Have one now, save one for later) candy bar. At first, she refuses; then she tries one. When Owen finds her heaving on the sidewalk, he hugs her. Abby asks him whether or not he would still like her if she wasn't a girl. I guess so, Owen replies, not quite understanding what Abby is asking.As the friendship between Owen and Abby deepens, Father starts feeling jealous. He tries again to obtain blood for Abby. This time he chooses to hide in the back seat of a student's car and attack him on the road. His plan is foiled, however, when Jett's friend Greg asks for a lift. When Jett stops for gas, Father attacks Greg and drives off. The struggling boy causes them to go over an embankment and turn upside down, pinning Father under the car and killing Greg. Knowing that he is trapped and about to be discovered by the police, Father pours acid on his face so that he can't be identified. When Abby learns that he has been taken to a hospital, she shows up at the reception desk asking for her father. The receptionist tells her that he is on the 10th floor, so she climbs/flies up the outside of the building until she gets to his window. Father lets her in and offers her his neck. After Abby drinks his blood, he jumps out of the window and falls to his death. At the nurse's station outside Father's room, the Detective taking a call from the receptionist in the lobby hears the nurse scream. By the time the detective gets to Father's room, he has jumped out of his tenth floor window to his death, leaving only a note that reads: I'm sory Abby.Abby returns to the apartment building and taps on Owen's bedroom window, asking to be let in. Owen is almost asleep but he tells her to come in. Abby removes her bloody clothes and crawls into bed with him. Owen asks her whether she'd like to go steady with him, and Abby replies I'm not a girl. That doesn't seem to bother Owen, so they decide to go steady. The next morning, Abby returns to her own apartment, but she leaves a note for Owen that reads, I must be gone and live or stay and die .One afternoon on a school outing to a local pond for some ice skating, Kenny, Mark, and Donald again confront Owen with a warning that they are going to push him into an ice hole. This time, however, Owen stands up for himself and takes a swipe at Kenny's head with a big stick, causing his ear to bleed. At the same time, some other students have noticed a body frozen in the ice. The police are called, and the body is cut free.Later that afternoon, after school is out, Owen brings Abby to a secret room in the basement of the apartment building. When Abby asks why they're there, Owen pulls out a knife and cuts his finger, offering to mix bloods with her. Watching Owen's blood drip on the floor, Abby can no longer stand the hunger that she's experiencing now that Father is no longer providing her with blood. She falls to the floor and begins to lap up Owen's blood. She finally transforms into her true vampire image with white cataract eyes, unappealing facial warts, and sharp teeth. Abby hisses at Owen to go away; when he doesn't, she runs off herself. Overcome with bloodlust, Abby jumps on the next person who walks by... Virginia (Sasha Barrese). Fortunately, Virginia's boyfriend Larry (Dylan Kenin) is able to kick Abby off before she kills Virginia. Unfortunately for Virginia, Larry's save only means that Virginia is doomed to become a vampire herself. She notices the change the next morning, after being transfused with six pints of blood. She wakes up, starts to drink her own blood from her arm, and bursts into flames when the nurse opens the curtains.A wimp he might be, but Owen is not a dummy. He has figured out that Abby is a vampire and confronts her at her apartment that evening. When he asks her if she is a vampire, she does not seem to understand the word and she only replies: I need blood to live. He asks her how old she really is. Like before, she admits to being 12 but says that she's been 12 for a long time. He asks the whereabouts of her dad, and she says that he wasn't really her father. Owen finds an old photo of Abby and Father, taken when Father was about 12 years old. Abby looks just the same as she does now. Concerned about what she might do to him, Owen goes home. Later, as he's about to sit down to the pot pie left for him by his mother, Abby knocks on the door. She requests to be invited in, but Owen stalls. He asks her what would happen if he didn't invite her. Silently, Abby walks in uninvited. Almost immediately, her skin begins to bleed. Owen quickly invites her in and gives her a hug. After showering, Abby changes into one of his mother's old dresses. When Owen's mom unexpectedly comes home, Abby immediately scampers across the window from Owen's apartment to hers, even though it's two stories up.The next morning, Owen finds a note from Abby asking him whether he would like to hang out with her that evening. Meanwhile, based on Larry's description of Virginia's attacker, the Detective has traced Abby to her apartment. He breaks in and finds her asleep in the bathtub. Because he can't see in the dark, he rips open the foil covering the windows. Immediately, Abby's skin begins to crack when it is exposed to the sunlight. Owen, who was in the apartment waiting for Abby to wake up, screams NO! giving Abby sufficient time to jump on the Detective and drink his blood. As he lays dying, the Detective reaches out to Owen for help, but Owen closes the bathroom door and leaves him to his fate. After feeding, Abby informs him that she must go away before the rest of the police show up looking for the detective. That night, Owen looks out the window to see Abby getting into a taxi to move away.After Abby is gone, Owen returns to his normal boring routine of going to school and going home. One evening, he is about to start swimming lessons with Mr. Zoric (Ritchie Coster). As he gets into his swimsuit and begins his lesson, Kenny, Mark, and Donald start a fire in the dumpster behind the gym, forcing Mr. Zoric to leave the pool area unattended. When Mr. Zoric goes to put out the fire, they lock him out of the gym and go back into the pool where Kenny's older brother Jimmy (Brett DelBuono) has kicked everyone out of the pool and made Owen get back in. Jimmy gives Owen an ultimatum: either stay under water for three minutes or have one of his eyes poked out... Owen's eye for Kenny's ear. Then Jimmy pushes Owen under. A minute passes. Suddenly, pandemonium breaks out in the gym. From his underwater point of view, Owen hears bullies screaming, then Jimmy's severed head falls into the water, followed by more body parts. An almost drowned Owen surfaces and crawls out of the water. He looks up to see Abby's bloody feet standing beside him. She had apparently crashed into the pool area through a skylight window and in a matter of seconds bit, torn, beheaded, dismembered and disemboweled all four bullies to save Owen.Epilogue. Owen sits on a train traveling towards an unknown destination. Snow is falling outside. A large trunk sits in front of him. From inside the basket comes a rapping. Owen raps back in Morse Code and then takes a bite from a Now & Later. It is clear at this point that Owen has become Abby's new protector and handler, and they are traveling to find a new life for themselves.
tags: tragedy,  dark,  horror,  atmospheric, 

title: Gaslight
synopsis: Why does the flame go down? Lights in the London house are from fixtures with gas flames, and when you light one light, it reduces gas supply to the other lights in the house that are close by, and the light dims. Yet no one in the house has lit any other lights! And there are also footsteps overhead, from a nailed-closed attic. Neither of the two servants sees or hears either of these signs. Paula Anton (Ingrid Bergman) thinks she is losing her mind, just as she has lost the brooch her husband Gregory (Charles Boyer) gave her.Her new marriage is falling apart; she cannot go out lest she make another embarrassing scene. Is it the house, where Paula's aunt, a famous and beautiful concert singer, was murdered when the young Paula resided there? What does her new husband, who plays the piano beautifully, do for a living? Nothing. Why does he go out every night and leave her alone to fret and worry?Who is the man who sees them at unexpected times and places, a man we soon learn is Scotland Yard detective Brian Cameron (Joseph Cotton)? Cameron is curious about the unsolved murder of Aunt Alice Alquist, who looked a great deal like Paula does now -- a murder that defied the investigators. No motive, no suspects, no clues.You now have the clues to this Oscar-winning (Best Actress) dark mystery. Introducing (first picture) Angela Lansbury (Best Supporting Actress nominee) in the role of one of the servants. Also nominated for Best Picture, Best Actor (Boyer), and three more.
tags: insanity,  suspenseful,  horror,  murder,  atmospheric, 

title: The Addams Family
synopsis: Gomez Addams laments the 25-year absence of his brother Fester, who disappeared after the two had a falling-out. Gomez's lawyer Tully Alford owes money to loan shark Abigail Craven, and notices that her son Gordon closely resembles Fester. Tully proposes that Gordon pose as Fester to infiltrate the Addams household and find the hidden vault where they keep their vast riches. Tully and his wife Margaret attend a séance at the Addams home led by Grandmama in which the family tries to contact Fester's spirit. Gordon arrives, posing as Fester, while Abigail poses as psychiatrist Dr. Pinder-Schloss and tells the family that Fester had been lost in the Bermuda Triangle for the past 25 years.
Gomez, overjoyed to have Fester back, takes him to the family vault to view home movies from their childhood. Gordon learns the reason for the brothers' falling-out: Gomez was jealous of Fester's success with women, and wooed the conjoined twins Flora and Fauna Amor away from him out of envy. Gomez starts to suspect that Fester is an impostor when he is unable to recall important details about their past. Gordon attempts to return to the vault, but is unable to get past a booby trap. Gomez's wife Morticia reminds Fester of the importance of family amongst the Addamses and of their vengeance against those who cross them. Fearing that the family is getting wise to their con, Abigail (under the guise of Dr. Pinder-Schloss) convinces Gomez that his suspicions are due to displacement.
Gordon grows closer to the Addams family, particularly the children Wednesday and Pugsley, whom he helps to prepare a swordplay sequence for a school play. The Addamses throw a large party with their extended family and friends to celebrate Fester's return, during which Abigail plans to break into the vault. Wednesday overhears Abigail and Gordon discussing their scheme, and escapes them by hiding in the family cemetery. Tully learns that Fester, as the eldest brother, is the executor of the Addams estate and therefore technically owns the entire property. With the help of the Addamses' neighbor Judge George Womack, who Gomez has repeatedly angered by hitting golf balls at his house, Tully procures a restraining order against the family, banning them from the estate. Gomez attempts to fight the order in court, but Judge Womack rules against him out of spite.
While Abigail, Gordon, and Tully try repeatedly and unsuccessfully to get past the booby trap blocking access to the vault, the Addams family is forced to move into a motel and find jobs. Morticia tries her hand as a preschool teacher, Wednesday and Pugsley sell toxic lemonade, and Thing—the family's animate disembodied hand—becomes a courier. Gomez, despondent, sinks into depression and lethargy.
Morticia returns to the Addams home to confront Fester and is captured by Abigail and Tully, who torture her in an attempt to learn how to access the vault. Thing observes this and informs Gomez using Morse code, who gathers the family and rushes to Morticia's rescue. Abigail threatens Morticia's life if Gomez does not surrender the family fortune. Fed up with his mother's behavior and constant berating, Gordon turns against Abigail. Using a magical book which projects its contents into reality, he unleashes a hurricane in the house, which strikes his own head with lightning and launches Tully and Abigail out of a window and into open graves dug for them by Wednesday and Pugsley.
Gordon turns out to actually have been Fester all along, having suffered amnesia after being lost in the Bermuda Triangle and turning up in Miami, where Abigail had taken him in. The lightning strike has restored his memory and he is enthusiastically welcomed back into the Addams household. With the family whole again, Morticia informs Gomez that she is pregnant.
tags: comedy,  gothic,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  psychedelic, 

title: Event Horizon
synopsis: In the near future, humanity has successfully colonized the Moon and other planets, and is venturing deeper into space. In the year 2047, a signal from the starship Event Horizon is picked up on Earth. The ship had disappeared without trace beyond the planet Neptune in 2040; her loss was considered the worst space disaster on record, with her entire 18-person crew missing and presumed dead. The ship has suddenly reappeared in a decaying orbit around Neptune at the outer rim of the solar system, more than three billion kilometers from the nearest outpost on Saturn's moon Titan. The Event Horizon's designer, Dr. William Weir (Sam Neill), who is staying on a space station orbiting Earth and is tormented by the memory of his dead wife, receives a call that he has to report to the station's dock.The rescue ship Lewis and Clark, commanded by Capt. Miller (Laurence Fishburne), is dispatched to investigate, with Dr. Weir coming along. Aboard the ship, there is very little time to socialize, as most team members were hastily pulled out of shore leave for this mission. The crew is put into stasis due to the immense G-forces released during the flight to Neptune. While in stasis, widower Dr. Weir has a very lively nightmare of waking up and finding his late wife Claire (Holley Chant) on the ship's bridge with no eyes, which is interrupted when the Lewis and Clark arrives and he is awoken from stasis. After getting ready, the crew is informed by Dr. Weir that their mission is to salvage the Event Horizon. He explains that the ship was actually built by the government to test a secret, experimental faster-than-light gravity drive. The drive would create an artificial black hole to bridge two points in space to significantly reduce journey time. The ship had been on its initial test flight, intended to reach Proxima Centauri; it subsequently vanished without a trace, and a cover story of the ship being destroyed was given to the public. Weir plays for the crew the only transmission received since the ship's reappearance, which is a series of garbled, confusing and intensely disturbing screams and shouts. A human voice that was embedded in the transmission was filtered from the recording. Medic D.J. (Jason Isaacs) identifies it as a Latin phrase, liberate me (save me).Upon approaching the drifting vessel, X.O. Starck (Joely Richardson) tries to contact the ship, but there is no response. After a short fly-over, the Lewis and Clark docks with the Horizon. Sensors indicate the artificial gravity is off-line, as well as the climate system. No definitive trace of human life is found; these inconclusive sensor readings lead Captain Miller, Engineer Justin (Jack Noseworthy) and Medical Tech Peters (Kathleen Quinlan) to board the Horizon in space suits to search for survivors. They enter via the ship's main corridor, which separates the two parts of the ship. It is lined with explosives as an emergency measure: in case of a catastrophe, the explosives will split the ship in two, separating the engine room with the gravity drive from the forward section, which is to be used as an escape vessel. In the corridor, the team splits up: Peters proceeds to the bridge, where she discovers a mutilated and frozen human corpse floating, with both eyes gouged out. She successfully retrieves some of the on-board transmissions. Justin enters the ship's gravity core. It consists of an orb with rotating circles around it, with a pool of water below. Upon entering, the lights suddenly turn on, and the orb seems to open, revealing a black, liquid-like mirror within; it sucks Justin inside as he touches it, and emits a large gravity shock wave, damaging the Clark. Rescue Tech Cooper (Richard T. Jones) manages to pull Justin out of the core by his tether, but he emerges catatonic. The crew manages to restore the climate system and artificial gravity, which immediately causes the frozen corpse on the bridges to fall down and shatter; Justin is brought to the medical bay. Weir maintains that the gravity drive could never have activated by itself, but Miller declares the drive off-limits for the entire crew.There is no trace of the former crew, save from the corpse, and what seems to be human bones and tissue lining the windows as a macabre decoration. With the Clark heavily damaged, the remaining crew has no choice but to transfer to the Horizon, which only contains 20 hours of usable oxygen. Pilot Smith (Sean Pertwee) voices his concern that there is something very wrong with the Horizon, and refuses to stay on board longer than necessary. He and Cooper start working on repairs on the outside. Soon afterwards, the rescuers begin to experience strange sightings. In the medical bay, Peters sees images of her son Denny (Barclay Wright), whom she had to leave with her ex-husband: his legs are covered in bloody lesions. She finds a video log of the crew happily preparing for the journey, which is abruptly followed by a log with scrambled images; however, the audio is unmistakably the disturbing sound from the ship's last transmission. She will try to clear it up, but there is a sudden power drain. Justin suddenly starts to convulse, and rambles that 'the dark' is coming. Weir and Miller go to the gravity drive, and Weir enters a compartment to fix the power, but he sees his wife again without her eyes, urging him to join her. In the meanwhile, Miller sees a burning man rising from the water pool below the gravity drive.The team members discuss the hallucinations; Miller believes them to be real manifestations and not imaginary. Smith lashes out at Weir, stating that by creating a ship that defies the laws of nature, he has unleashed something unnatural that killed the first crew. The rest subdue him, and Miller orders him to resume the repairs outside. Starck then confronts Miller with an outrageous theory: she thinks that the Event Horizon has become a living entity itself; like an immune system, it is showing an increasing response to the foreign human presence, by causing hallucinations of increasing intensity.A short time later, Peters notices that Justin has emerged from his catatonia and left the medical bay. Suddenly, there is another power drain followed by loud bangs. Several crew members witness how a door is dented by an unseen force. Weir attempts to open it, but is stopped by Starck. Then an alarm goes off: Justin is standing in an air lock, and attempts suicide by ejecting himself into space without a space suit, saying he is tormented by horrific images he saw of the dark inside me when he was inside the ship's gravity core. Although Justin snaps out of his trance, the ejection procedure cannot be stopped. The airlock opens and Justin is released into space. Captain Miller, who was overseeing the repairs outside, arrives in a space suit just in time to pull him back in, but Justin is seriously injured due to the decompression, and put in stasis. Weir seems unshaken by the events.With only 4 hours of breathable air left, Miller demands answers from Weir about what is causing the manifestations and Justin's behavior, but Weir doesn't know, nor does he have any idea where the ship exactly went and stayed for the past 7 years. Miller leaves and experiences more hallucinations, hearing the cries for help of a subordinate he was forced to abandon in a fire on an earlier mission. It appears that the Event Horizon has returned with a supernatural presence which is using its occupants' personal torments against them. D.J. hears Miller's story, and says he listened to the original recording again; he now believes he was mistaken the first time: it actually says liberate tutame ex inferis (save yourself from Hell). D.J. actually believes that although the ship's drive successfully opened a gateway in space-time, it actually led outside the known universe and into another dimension, which must be close to the human concept of 'hell'.The scrambled video log is reconstructed; to the crew's horror, it shows the original crew engaging in a frenzy of torture, self-mutilation, cannibalism and sodomy, minutes after activating the gravity drive. The ship's senior officer, Cpt. Kilpack, is seen uttering the Latin message holding his own eyes in his hands. With the Lewis and Clark now repaired by Smith and Cooper, Miller decides to abandon the Horizon immediately and destroy it, despite the strong objections of Weir, who wants to stay, saying that he is 'already home', and leaves.Smith and Peters prepare to evacuate by collecting all the Event Horizon's remaining oxygen filters at the gravity core. Smith leaves as quickly as possible, but Peters is lured back in when she sees her son. She follows him to the upper level, and is led to her death by plummeting down a shaft as a result of being tricked by the manifestation of her son. Weir, having abandoned the crew and arriving at the core, discovers her body. He suddenly sees a vision of his wife, who committed suicide because she was lonely and he was never around. Stricken by grief and guilt, Weir is compelled by her reanimated form to return to the hell dimension, and to tear out his own eyes.Miller is walking the main corridor when he notices one of the explosives missing. He warns Smith over the com to be on the lookout for Weir. Smith, who is aboard the Lewis and Clark, sees Weir leaving. Suspecting that Weir may have put the bomb aboard the Clark, he feverishly tries to save his ship, but finds the bomb with only a few seconds left on the counter. Just as Miller arrives near the docking port, the Clark explodes, killing Smith and causing Cooper, who was still outside on the ship's hull, to be thrown into space. Miller grabs one of the bolt guns used to repair the Clark, and warns D.J. over the com to look for Weir and kill him, if possible. However, Weir gets the drop on D.J. and kills him by vivisection, leaving him suspended from the ceiling of the medical facility.Miller finds D.J.'s corpse, and continues to look for Starck. He finds her unconscious on the bridge and leaves the gun, but discovers that Weir is waiting there for him as well. Seemingly possessed by the evil presence on board, Weir threatens them with the bolt gun, saying the ship became alive when it went to a dimension of pure chaos, pure evil. He activates the ship's gravity drive, beginning a ten-minute countdown, after which the Horizon will return to the chaos/Hell dimension with her new crew. Cooper, having used his space suit's oxygen to propel him back to the ship, emerges outside one of the windows and causes Weir to shoot it. The bridge rapidly decompresses, and Weir is sucked into space towards his apparent death, while Miller and Starck barely escape from the bridge before it is sealed.With Cooper back on board, the three survivors decide to implement the emergency plan by blowing up the ship's corridor and using its forward section as escape vessel. Starck and Cooper start making preparations in the forward section, when the stasis tank is suddenly filled with blood and ruptures, flooding them with a tsunami of blood. Miller arms all of the explosives in the central corridor and recovers the detonator for them, but he is suddenly trapped by a burning manifestation of his former comrade, and is forced to escape into the ship's gravity core.Inside the core, Miller again sees the vision of his comrade, which then changes into a scarred Dr. Weir (with eyes restored). Weir explains that the ship saved him and pulled him back inside. The ship is going back and it won't allow any of the humans to escape. The two fight, but Weir is practically invulnerable. He viciously beats Miller and shows him scenes of the Lewis and Clark's remaining crew being horribly tortured and mutilated. Miller begs Weir to take only him and spare the others, but Weir refuses, stating they all must go. Despite the horrible visions, Miller is eventually able to reach the detonator, which he then triggers, sacrificing himself. Weir screams, being denied the surviving crew. The bombs explode and split the ship in two. The gravity drive then activates, pulling the rear of the ship into a wormhole, taking Weir and Miller with it. Starck and Cooper can only watch helplessly from a distance. With a wounded and comatose Justin, they place themselves into stasis for the return to Earth.72 days later, the forward section reaches Earth. Starck is the first to be awakened by a rescue team member; however, when he removes his helmet visor, it turns out to be a mutilated Dr. Weir. Starck suddenly wakes up in a distraught state, revealing she was having a nightmare; they have been awakened by a real rescue team. Cooper restrains Starck, as one of the rescuers calls for a sedative. But then, the automated hatch leading to the stasis chamber mysteriously seals shut behind the rescuers, implying the supernatural force is inherent to the ship and not dependent on the gravity drive.
tags: dark,  gothic,  cult,  alternate reality,  violence,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  insanity,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Hellraiser: Bloodline
synopsis: In 2127, Dr. Paul Merchant, an engineer, seals himself in a room aboard The Minos, a space station that he designed. As armed guards attempt to break through the door, Merchant manipulates a robot into solving the Lament Configuration, destroying the robot in the process. The guards break through the door and apprehend Merchant, who agrees to explain his motivations to their leader, Rimmer.
The film flashes back to Paris, France, 1796. Dr. Merchant's ancestor, Phillip LeMarchand, a French toymaker, makes the Lament Configuration on commission from the libertine aristocrat Duc de L'Isle. Unbeknownst to LeMarchand, L'Isle's specifications for the box make it a portal to Hell. Upon delivering the box to L'Isle, LeMarchand watches as he and his assistant Jacques sacrifice a peasant girl and use her blood to summon a demon, Angelique, through the box. LeMarchand runs home in terror, where he begins working on blueprints for a second box which will neutralize the effects of the first. Returning to L'Isle's mansion to steal the box, LeMarchand discovers that Jacques has killed L'Isle and taken control over Angelique, who agrees to be his slave so long as he does not impede the wishes of Hell. The pair kill LeMarchand, and Jacques informs him that his bloodline is now cursed for helping to open a portal to Hell.
In 1996, LeMarchand's descendant, John Merchant, has built a skyscraper in Manhattan that resembles the Lament Configuration. Seeing an article on the building in a magazine, Angelique asks Jacques to take her to America so that she can confront him. When Jacques denies her request, Angelique kills him, as Merchant poses a threat to Hell. Angelique travels to America, where she fails to seduce Merchant. Discovering the Lament Configuration in the building's foundation, Angelique tricks a security guard into solving it, which summons Pinhead. The two immediately clash, as Pinhead represents a shift in the ideologies of Hell, which she left behind two hundred years ago: while Angelique believes in corrupting people through temptation, Pinhead is fanatically devoted to pain and suffering. Despite their conflicting views, the pair forge an uneasy alliance to kill Merchant before he can complete The Elysium Configuration, an anti-Lament Configuration that creates perpetual light and would serve to permanently close all gateways to Hell.
Angelique and Pinhead initially collaborate to corrupt Merchant, but Pinhead grows tired of Angelique's seductive techniques and threatens to kill Merchant's wife and child. Having grown accustomed to a decadent life on Earth, Angelique wants no part of Hell's new fanatical austerity, and she intends to force Merchant to activate the Elysium Configuration and destroy Hell, thus freeing her from its imperatives. However, Merchant's flawed prototype fails. Pinhead kills Merchant, but his wife opens Angelique's Lament Configuration, sending Pinhead and Angelique back to Hell.
In 2127, Rimmer disbelieves Dr. Merchant's story and has him locked away. However, Pinhead and his followers—now including an enslaved Angelique—have already been freed after Merchant opened the box. Upon learning of Dr. Merchant's intentions, they kill the entire crew of the ship, save for Rimmer and Paul, who escape. Paul reveals that the Minos is, in fact, the final, perfected form of the Elysium Configuration, and that by activating it, he can kill Pinhead and permanently seal the gateway to Hell.
Paul distracts Pinhead with a hologram while he boards an escape pod with Rimmer. Once clear of the station, he activates the Elysium Configuration. A series of powerful lasers and mirrors create a field of perpetual light, while the station transforms and folds around the light to create a massive box. The light is trapped within the box, killing Pinhead and his followers, thus ending Pinhead's existence, this time, permanently.
tags: gothic,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  sadist, 

title: Insidious: Chapter 2
synopsis: In flashback, we see Josh (Patrick Wilson) Lambert, as a kid, is having trouble with the old lady with blood red lipstick, who killed Elise at the end of the first film. Elise and a man named Carl, are summoned to help with the problem, because Josh's mother, Lorraine, is worried. In time, they find out he's a special ability of astral projection during his sleep. Elsie asks if she can interview Josh, and as we see Josh through the viewfinder of an old VHS camera, Elsie begins asking Josh questions, whose answers make her tremble. Next, Elsie asks Josh to play a game of 'hot & cold' with Elise, and they find him talking to someone and a door opens, without any visible means.We're in the present day.Renai is speaking with a police detective (Michael Beach) about the death of Elise, and the detective says he will get in touch with her as to whether-or-not the marks on Elise were by Josh's hands. The Lambert family moves in with Lorraine, to try and get away from the things which they experienced in the first film.But as soon as they get there, things are begin again to happen.They first begin with Renai, hearing the piano playing and the baby chair making noises, and moving back-and-forth. Soon, feeling things are still not right, Lorraine walks in on a sleeping Dalton, who (though sleeping) tells Lorraine someone's behind her. Lorraine goes into the bathroom, and is locked in, and sees a lady.When the door opens, Josh's behind the door and says everything is okay.With such things happening, everyone is on edge, and while Josh is taking the kids to school, Renai gets jumpy. She sets things up with the baby (baby speakers) and she then sees a woman on the couch in Victorian dress.The lady gets up and Renai hears her talking to the baby through the speakers, in a malevolent tone. Renai runs up the stairs to the room only for the door to slam shut on her face and lock. Renai hears the lady talking to the baby, and hears the lady smack the baby while it cries. The door opens, and the baby's missing.Renai runs downsstairs and the lady catches her off-guard, and screams; HOW DARE YOU!! and smacks her so hard she's knocked out.Meanwhile, Lorraine's troubled by the strange sightings, and the way Josh has been behaving, and decides to visit Specks and Tucker (the 2 paranormal investigators who worked with Elise when she was alive in the previous film), to try and see if there's a way to uncover what the cause of the strange goings-ons could be.Specks and Tucker are unable to help her, but when Lorraine says, if only Elise was still here, they remember who to contact: Carl, the spirit medium from 1986.Carl appears at Elise's house, and apologises for not contacting them sooner, out of fear of what he saw back then.He listens to Lorraine's story, and decides to contact Elise on the other side with the usage of word dice to allow Elise to reply to their questions. Lorraine, Specs and Tucker sit around a table, as Carl begins to ask Elise questions. He rolls the word dice and asks Elise if she is there, and 3 dice placed together spell yes. He then asks Elise who killed you?, rolls the dice and gets the reply; 'she did.' Carl asks; 'where is she?, rolls the dice and get a reply; 'hiding.' They ask where, and the die spell out; 'Our Lady of Angels,' a now-abandoned hospital which Lorraine used to work at, and where Lorraine said the ordeal with Josh had begun.Back at Lorraine's home, Josh returns home, and finds Renai on the floor unconscious, a visually troubled Josh can be seen trying to pick up Renai from the floor, but his personality abruptly changes, and he begins to sniff Renai's skin and hair.Renai regains consciousness, saying their baby has been stolen, but Josh calms her, and shows their daughter is in the crib, asleep. Renai attempts to convince Josh that something's attacking them again, and they must move away because of what happened. A stubborn Josh denies her request and says the problems would disappear if they ignore them.Just then, both Renai and Josh hear the piano playing, and they go together to find the cause of the sound, but there's no one present at the piano. Renai realises the tune being played on the piano is the one she wrote for Josh, but when she tells this to Josh this, he shows no memory of this.Due to rising suspicion from Renai about Josh's well-being, Josh rushes Renai out of the room, telling her not to worry and as Josh looks back into the room he smiles and says 'your home is the shadows, now.' As he leaves, the real Josh in astral-projection form, is sitting at the piano - in the shadows, and bangs the keys, and screams, 'Help!'The next morning, Dalton speaks to his mother Renai about his reappearing nightmares involving the dead and the old woman, but more importantly, he's greatly troubled by what he has seen in his father. The night Renai confronts Josh about seeing the woman in their house, Dalton manages to see from a corner of a hallway in the house, his father Josh scolding himself profusely, and speaking to another individual, and saying the other individual must leave and go away. Dalton, clearly aware of the fact that nobody else was with his father when he was speaking, and tells Renai the next morning that the physical Josh Lambert is not occupied by the soul of his father; the true Josh Lambert.Lorraine, Specs, Tucker, and Carl go to the abandoned Our Lady of Angels hospital, and Carl helps them find the right room. Lorraine remembers the room was an ICU unit she worked in, and where it all began.Back in 1986, Lorraine and Josh walked into the room, and they see a patient named Parker Crane who's asleep. Josh looks away, to the machines, and suddenly Parker attacks him, as the nurses hold him down and Lorraine and her son quickly leave. Later, Lorraine getting on an elevator, and Parker gets on, as well. She tries to make small talk - saying he should be in bed, not roaming the halls, but, he does not respond. They arrive on the main floor, and Parker heads silently off towards the left, as Lorraine heads for the lobby, and goes to the receptionist and asks her why Parker Cranes' up and walking. The receptionist tells Lorraine Parker Crane had jumped off of the building that morning, and died.Back in the present, Lorraine, Specs, Tucker, and Carl go find the records on Parker Crane, and find out where his house was. They find it abandoned. Specs and Tucker go up to Parker's room and find a little girl who tells them to go before her mother finds them and she has to kill them. Carl goes back down stairs and uses his dice, and is soon joined by Lorraine. They realise the person who'd been communicating with them through the dice wasn't Elise, but Parker Crane's mother, who called herself 'Mater Mortis,' in Latin; 'mother death'.Just then, the crystal chandelier - which was being slowly unscrewed, crashes down, narrowly missing killing them.They enter another room - one hidden behind a bookcase, only to find people sitting in rows under cloths, and a chestful of newspaper articles on a serial killer who wore a black wedding dress. They find the black wedding dress on a mannequin. Carl puts his hand on the dress to find out what went on with it, and sees a man putting on women's makeup as a woman sits - tied-up behind him and screams, who he murders.They figure out Parker was the serial killer - 'The Black Bride' - who put on the black wedding dress and killed young woman, under his mother's direction, which explains who the people are under the cloths;his victims.With this information, they understand what they're really dealing with, and head home to tranquillise Josh (who's inhabited by Parker Crane's spirit), in order to get into him out of Josh.But things go wrong, and Carl is killed whilst Specs gets knocked unconscious, and 'Josh' stabs Tucker with the hypodermic syringe, rendering him unconscious.Now in the Further/Shadows, Carl finds Josh and they figure they need to get Josh back in his body, so they try to find Elise. They go to Josh's old house (from Insidious 1), where they see the long-haired man from the first film pacing back-and-forth (just as RenaI saw in the first film) and all-of-the-sudden, he's inside the window - behind the curtain, in the babies room where RenaI sees him, and screams.Just as he's going to try to take and kill the baby, Elise pops out and kills the demon, by pushing it through the window.Elise tells Josh and Carl they must go back to the place where Parker and his mother once lived, in order to try to end it, for once and for all.In present time, (Carl inhabiting) 'Josh' sends a text to Renai, saying it's safe to go to the house. They drive over, and are attacked by 'Josh.' Dalton comes and hits him long enough for Renai and the 2 boys to run into the basement and hide. Dalton then goes asleep to try and help rescue Josh's soul.In the Further, they arrive at Lorraine's house where they find the way to the old lady's house, and enter. They find Parker on the bed, dressed as a girl. Parker's yelling - saying his name's Parker. His mother walks in with a drawing Parker made, and yells at him yells, 'DID YOU DO THIS?!?'He denies at first, then says 'yes.' She yells; 'HOW DARE YOU,' and smacks him, because she says his name isn't Parker - that's what his father named him. His 'real' name is 'Marilyn.'Just then, the mother looks over, and becomes aware of Carl and Josh watching, and she screams at them and Elise and Carl are hurtled backwards out of the room and the door slams violently shut, with Josh still inside.Parker's mother faces Josh, and makes all the people whom Parker killed, appear in the room under white sheets. They proceed to taunt Josh.In realtime, Josh's just about into the basement to attack Renai and the boys. He breaks in past their barriers, and pushes Renai down to kill her. He's momentarily distracted when he sees Dalton asleep. As he raises a hammer to kill Dalton, Dalton, Josh, and Elise in the Further are being assisted by Parker who is the only one who can open his childhood bedroom door which Mrs. Crane had slammed shut. Once he does this, Elise beats Mrs. Crane with a rocking horse and destroys her memories, once and for all. As Parker destroys all memories of his mother. Elise tells Carl and Josh they must leave, as this existence is quickly crumbling, and tells Carl she felt his heartbeat, and he's still alive.Josh and Carl run out of the room, as it's disintegrating, leaving Elsie. They leave the Further, and in the darkness, they fight off attacking spirits, who are anxious to leave the Shadows for our world. As they fight the spirits, they find Dalton, and make their way back into the real world,In present time, they all wake up in their normal bodies with their own spirits. In the next scene, they are all seated in Josh's living room before Carl who tells him that he can now hypnotise them, just as Elise did to young Josh back in 1986, and make them forget how to astral project, preventing them from going back to the Further in their dreams and inadvertently bringing spirits back with them.They close their eyes; the camera zooms in on Josh's face, serene and beginning to forget.- Epilogue -Instead of the usual fade to black, the screen slowly brightens to a blinding white and then we see a sky filled with clouds. The camera pans down from the sky to a different house where Specs and Tucker knock on the door and are greeted by a family. Specs tells the man to please hear him out; Specs and Tucker are there to deliver a message to their relative, Allison. Allison is the sole survivor of the Bride in Black's killing spree, the only one who got away and gave a description to the police for the story in the newspaper that was found earlier in Parker Crane's dilapidated house.At the door, the family's little girl asks them, Who's the woman behind you? Specs and Turner turn around and see no one. Next, we see through the little girl's eyes, and Elise is standing behind them. She smiles at the little girl and puts her finger to her mouth, saying shhhh. She walks past them into the house where a young woman sits unresponsive in a wheelchair. In the background, we can hear the parents of the little girl telling Specs and Turner that they have been having problems with unseen, malevolent entities in their home. Elise crouches in front of Allison, smiles kindly, and begins talking to her, trying to help draw her out of the Further. She hears something above them, looks up, sees the light fixtures swaying - and something else - and her smile disappears. Then we hear a creaking, grotesque, guttural noise in the shadowy corner of the room behind Allison. The camera pans up; we see nothing - yet - behind her; but Elise does, and the expression on her face is one of abject terror, as she exclaims, trembling; 'Oh, my god!'
tags: paranormal,  horror,  murder,  flashback, 

title: Kingdom of the Spiders
synopsis: Dr. Robert Rack Hansen, a veterinarian in rural Verde Valley, Arizona, receives an urgent call from a local farmer, Walter Colby. Colby is upset because his prize calf has become sick for no apparent reason, and the animal is brought in to Hansen's laboratory. Hansen examines the calf, which dies shortly afterward. Hansen tells Colby he cannot explain what made the animal so ill so quickly, but takes samples of the calf's blood to a university lab in Flagstaff.
A few days later, Diane Ashley, an arachnologist, arrives looking for Hansen. Ashley tells Hansen that the calf was killed by a massive dose of spider venom, which Hansen greets with skepticism and disbelief. Undaunted, Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal's carcass and the area where it became sick. Hansen escorts Ashley to Colby's farm; and moments after they arrive, Colby's wife, Birch, discovers their dog is also mysteriously dead. Ashley performs a quick chemical test on the dog's carcass and concludes that like the calf, it died from a massive injection of spider venom. Hansen is incredulous, until Colby states that he recently found a massive spider hill on a back section of his farmland. He takes Hansen and Ashley to the hill, which is covered with tarantulas. Ashley theorizes that the tarantulas are converging together due to the heavy use of pesticides, which are eradicating their natural food supply. In order to survive, the spiders are joining forces to attack and eat larger animals--and humans.
Hansen and Ashley return to the Colby farm to burn the spider hill. As the scientists and the Colbys are walking past a barn, a bull erratically stampedes out, also being attacked by tarantulas. Ashley notes that the spiders likely will not be afraid to attack people either. Colby douses the spider hill with gasoline and lights it on fire, seemingly destroying the spider menace. However, many of the spiders escape out of a distant tunnel. Colby is attacked by a group of tarantulas as he is driving along in his truck the next day, sending the truck over the side of a hill and killing him. Hansen happens upon the accident scene and helps the sheriff, Gene Smith, examine the wreckage. Colby's body is found encased in a cocoon of spider webs. Meanwhile, Ashley is notified by her colleagues that a sample of venom from one of the spiders is five times more toxic than normal. Hansen is then told by the sheriff that several more spider hills have been located on Colby's property.
Hansen, Ashley and the sheriff examine the hills along with the mayor of Camp Verde, who orders the sheriff to spray the hills and the surrounding countryside with a pesticide. Ashley protests, arguing that pesticide use is what caused the problem to begin with and that the town would be better off using birds and rats (tarantulas' enemies in nature) to eradicate them. The mayor dismisses the idea, fearing that having a large number of spiders and rats all over the countryside will scare away patrons of the annual county fair. A crop duster is enlisted to spray the pesticide; but once airborne, the pilot is attacked by tarantulas, causing him to crash the plane and perish before he can successfully disperse the spray.
The spiders eventually begin their assault on the local residents, killing Birch and Hansen's sister-in-law, Terri. Hansen arrives at their home and rescues Terri's daughter, Linda, from the spiders. Hansen, Ashley, and Linda then take refuge in the Washburn Lodge. They consult with the sheriff, who tells them that the spiders are everywhere and Camp Verde is cut off from the outside world. Officer Smith drives into town, while Hansen and the other survivors at the lodge plan to load up an RV and escape. However, the spiders have them trapped in the lodge, and they barricade themselves inside. Meanwhile, Smith arrives at Camp Verde and finds the town in screaming chaos, as it is under siege by the spiders. Smith tries to escape, but is killed when another car crashes into a support post under the town's water tower, causing it to fall on his vehicle and crushing him to death.
Back at the lodge, the power goes out, and Hansen is forced to venture into the lodge's basement to change a blown fuse. He succeeds, but is besieged by spiders who break through one of the basement windows by using their combined weight. He makes it upstairs just in time to be saved by Ashley.
The film concludes the next day, with the survivors rigging up a radio receiver and listening for news of the attacks. To their surprise, the radio broadcast doesn't mention the attacks, indicating that the outside world is oblivious to what has happened. Hansen pries off the boards from one of the lodge's windows, and discovers that the entire building is encased in a giant web cocoon. In the final scene, the camera pulls back to reveal the entire town of Camp Verde encased in cocoons as well.
tags: tragedy,  horror, 

title: Cannibal ferox
synopsis: In New York City, an unnamed man is visiting an apartment to get heroin (using the term horse) from his dealer named Mike. Instead of finding his usual pusher, the man finds two mobsters who are also looking for Mike, who had apparently skipped town owing them $100,000. After questioning the man about Mike's whereabouts, they shoot him and leave him for dead. Lt. Rizzo of the NYPD investigates the murder.Meanwhile in Leticia, Columbia on the Rio Amazonia, two siblings, Rudy and Gloria, with their friend Pat, prepare for a journey into the rain forest in nearby Brazil. The three have ventured there to help prove Gloria's theory that cannibalism no longer exists, and that it may not have existed all along, being a myth concocted by greedy European empires to justify colonising the land.After encountering a pair of natives who were brutally killed in a booby trap, the trio encounter two other westerners; Mike, the drug dealer mentioned in the beginning (who is also addicted to cocaine), and his partner Joe. Joe is badly wounded in the chest. Mike explains that they were attacked by cannibals. They claim they were with a Portuguese guide who was tied to a stake, castrated, and killed by the cannibals. During the night, Gloria goes missing, and Rudy finds a native village while looking for her. It is populated by a small group of natives, mostly the elderly.Due to Joe's injuries, the troupe decides to stay in the nearly deserted native village. Mike seduces the naive Pat, and has sex with her, as well as giving her cocaine. In a cocaine-fuelled rage, he encourages Pat to slowly kill a young native girl with a knife, but she is unable to do it, so he kills her himself with a gun. Pat, horrified by Mike's actions, warns the native girl's accomplice to flee before Mike gets to him.In his dying moments, Joe reveals to Gloria and Ruby that he and Mike were responsible for the cannibals' aggression. In a flashback sequence, Joe explains that the two of them came to the region just last week to exploit the natives for emeralds and cocaine, taking advantage of their trust in white men. One day, while high on cocaine, Mike brutally tortured and killed their native guide in full view of his tribe. The badly charred body that the troupe thought to be the Portuguese guide (who never existed) is actually this native. Mike kidnapped a native girl, whom was the native chief's daughter, in order to lead them out of the jungle, but the two were followed and attacked, explaining Joe's injuries.In light of Mike's murder of the young girl, the native warriors finally snap and have now begin to hunt the troupe out in the jungle. Joe eventually dies of his wounds, and his body is found and cannibalised by the natives in full view of Rudy and Gloria, who are hiding from the natives. In the meantime, the cocaine-agressive Mike and Pat had abandoned the rest of the troupe, but they are all rounded up by the natives eventually. They are forced into a cage (that Mike originally used to lock up natives) and forced to watch Mike have his penis cut off and eaten by the revenge-seeking native chief. The wound is then cauterized to ensure he does not bleed to death.The next day, the natives natives take the troupe by boat to another village down river. But when they arrive, Rudy manages to escape, hiding in a pool of water from the natives. However, he is caught in a booby trap in the jungle and the bleeding wound of his attracts the attention of piranhas, who force him out of the pool screaming. The natives shoot him with a poisoned dart, and he dies almost instantly.Pat, Gloria, and Mike are taken to a new village where their suffering continues. The women are put in a hole in the ground as Mike is placed in a separate cage. The native man that Pat saved from Mike at the other native village appears, and lowers a rope into the hole so the women can escape. However, at this point Mike digs out of his cage, chases the man away, and cuts the rope, preventing the women from escaping. He then flees into the jungle. He is almost spotted by a plane being flown by a search party looking for the missing troupe (one of which is Mike's girlfriend from New York), but shouting in an attempt to be noticed by the plane causes the natives to finally locate him. Deranged to the last, Mike attacks the natives with a machete he stole and kills one of them and wounded another until he is overpowered. The native warriors drag him to a fallen tree and cut off his right hand with the machete before taking him back to the village. When the search party lands, they are told by the natives that the explorers were in a canoe, which capsized. They were then eaten by crocodiles.Back at the village, Pat is bound, stripped, and has hooks put through her breasts. She slowly bleeds to death as Gloria is forced to watch. Mike's head is placed in a crude apparatus, and the top of his head is cut off; the natives then proceed to eat his brains. Gloria is left for the night. During this time, the same sympathetic native who Mike chased off earlier returns and frees her. He guides her through the jungle but is eventually killed by one of his own people's booby traps. A few days later, a desperate Gloria makes to the river and meets up with a pair of trappers, who take her to safety. Instead of telling them the true story, she backs up the natives' lie about the others being eaten by crocodiles.The film ends several weeks later with a shocked and jaded Gloria is seen back in New York, a part of society once again. She has published a book titled 'Cannibalism: End of a Myth' which completely covers up the story of what happened to her brother and friends. This was most likely done because of her realization that the natives were only vicious because of the extensive cruelty they had endured under the white man they once revered.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Rabid
synopsis: Rose (Marilyn Chambers) and her boyfriend Hart (Frank Moore) are taking a little spin in the Quebec countryside on Hart's motorcycle when they have an accident. A family in a camper van stops in the middle of the road to argue about directions, and Hart must swerve to avoid them, going off the road and crashing. A patient at the nearby Keloid Clinc for Plastic Surgery witnesses the accident and calls for an ambulance. At the clinic, Murray Cypher (Joe Silver) pitches a promising franchising deal to Dr. Dan Keloid (Howard Ryshpan) and his wife Roxanne (Patricia Gage). Keloid is unconvinced, afraid that he'll become the Colonel Sanders of plastic surgery. Just then, an ambulance containing Hart and Rose arrives. Hart has a broken hand, separated shoulder, and a concussion, but Rose, having been pinned under the motorcycle, is more severely injured. Dr. Keloid recognizes that Rose needs immediate surgery and decides to perform a radical procedure on her, one which uses morphogenetically neutral grafts of her own skin to patch the injured tissues in and on her chest and abdomen. The treated skin will be able to form new tissue of whatever type it is grafted to, but it also might lead to cancer.A month or two passes. Hart has already gone home to Montreal, but Rose still remains in a coma at the Keolid Clinic. Then one night, one of the other patients, Lloyd Walsh (J. Roger Periad), hears Rose screaming and goes to her room. She has awakened and is pulling out her I.V. drip tube. In an attempt to warm her and calm her down, Lloyd holds her, and Rose causes some sort of vague injury to him as she holds him. When examined a few hours later, Lloyd can't remember anything afterwards, and the doctor doesn't know what caused his injury to his right arm. They know only that his blood isn't clotting from the small wound and that Lloyd's right side has no feeling. Dr. Keloid thinks that it might have been a mild stroke and transfers him to Montreal General Hospital for further evaluation.Over the next few days, Rose leaves the clinic periodically to feed; her experimental procedures have caused a wild card mutation in her body, and now the only thing she can subsist on is human blood. To help her attain it, a bizarre new organ has developed in Rose's armpit; through a small sphincter opening, a large red phallic spike emerges to pierce her victims and draw blood like a syringe. First she feeds on a cow in the barn of a nearby farm, but she vomits up the blood, realizing that she needs only human blood, so she feeds instead on the drunken farmer who wanders into the barn. The next night, Rose attacks a young nurse in a hot tub, and then hides her unconscious body in a freezer.The next day, Lloyd discharges himself from the clinic. He hails a taxi to take him to the airport. But during the trip, Lloyd, already looking deathly pale, transforms into a foaming, green-eye zombie-like person and attacks the driver, biting out part of his neck making the driver lose control of the car. The taxi breaks through a bridge guardrail and the car falls to the freeway below where it is totalled by an approaching truck, killing both the driver and the infected Lloyd.At the clinic, Dr. Keloid is examining the unconscious Rose. He notices the strange opening under her arm, but Rose wakes up and the phallic syringe emerges and strikes him in the hand.At a nearby diner, the farmer, infected the previous night by Rose, walks in, bleeding from his left eyeball where Rose's stuck the phallic thing, and after asking for chicken, he attacks and bites a waitress before he is subdued by the cook and a few patrons.At the clinic, Rose phones Hart to come to her aid, for she feels that she's in trouble. Hart calls Murray Cypher to tag along with him. Later that day, Dr. Keolid goes into the O.R. to operate on a patient when he suddenly begins foaming at the mouth and also transforms into a green-eyed zombie who proceeds to hack off a nurse's finger with surgical scissors and drinks her blood. A few orderlies attack the vicious Dr. Keolid, as Rose takes advantage of the chaos and confusion to make her escape from the clinic. She hitches a ride to Montreal from a passing truck driver, who has food in the cab of his truck. After he offers some to the famished Rose, she eats it and it seems to satisfy her momentarily, but she then vomits it back up, eventually feeding on the driver as she has done to the others.Hart and Murray pass the diner where the infected farmer attacked the waitress, and then arrive at the clinic to find more police cars and a rabid and vicious looking Dr. Keloid in the back of a police van, growling and foaming at the mouth. The police tell Murray and Hart that they think it's a new strain of rabies. Hart panics when he learns that a body was found in a freezer, but to his slight relief, it's the nurse that Rose killed in the hot tub.Meanwhile, Rose hitches a ride with another car driver, leaving behind the unconcious truck driver whom is infected. He is woken up by a highway patrolman and goes on his way. The trucker returns that night to a depot where he transforms and attacks his colleagues at the place, infecting some of them before being subdued.At the police station, the chief of police, Claude LePointe, meets with Hart, Murray and a few public health officials who talk of an epidemic. Just then, as Hart and Murray watch a TV broadcast of various other reports of attacks, an officer, who was apparently bitten by the infected Dr. Keloid at the clinic, appears growling and foaming at the mouth. The infected officer attacks Hart only to be shot dead by the other officers. To stop the disease from progressing, everyone at the scene, including Hart and Murray, are to be held at the police station for 48 hours. Hart calls Mindy Kent (Susan Roman) who is Rose's best friend, and is pleased to hear that Rose has been in touch with her. Over the phone, Hart tells Mindy to keep Rose at her apartment until he can get there.Meanwhile, Rose arrives in Montreal, meets with Mindy, and asks to stay with her in her apartment for a few days, but refuses to explain why. Mindy watches another TV broadcast detailing a new strain of lethal rabies that is now reporting all over Montreal. That night, Rose goes out to the local red-light district and visits a sex cinema. A leering patron sits next to her to fondle her, only to become a victim himself.The next day, Claude LePointe is riding in a limo with a local health official to inform the mayor that the situation is getting out of control. Just then, the limo is blocked at a construction sight, and two infected crewmen attack, putting a jackhammer through the limo door and dragging the shocked driver out to feed on him, while the official and LePointe barely escape by driving away in reverse.Elsewhere, Mindy is riding on a subway train when an infected woman attacks another passenger, causing panic and forcing Mindy and the rest of the passengers to flee after the train arrives at the station.On TV, Dr. Royce Gentry talks about the dozens of rabies cases popping up all over the city, and advises a shoot-to-kill policy to prevent the infected from infecting others. Rose goes out to a local shopping mall filled with Christmas shoppers. Another leering man approaches her to make small talk, and to try to pick her up. As Rose agrees to walk with him, he asks her for a light, but she tells him that she doesn't smoke. The man asks another man standing nearby for a light, and the man turns around... an infected zombie who proceeds to bite and infect the man Rose is with. Panic breaks out in the mall as two armed security guards appear and shoot the infected man dead, as well as an unfortunate man dressed as Santa. The guards shoot the wounded man who tried to pick up Rose as well, since he is now infected. Rose again slips away unnoticed.When Mindy arrives home, Rose hides in her room, in blood-hunger. She tells Mindy not to come into her room for she is not feeling well. Meanwhile, extreme martial law is declared in Montreal and all the surrounding areas. Dr. Royce Gentry makes another TV appearance to announce that the current rabies shots don't appear to be working. But he and his men have developed a vaccine to administer to those not infected with the virus. Those already infected, however, must be killed to prevent the epidemic from spreading any further.At a National Guard road block to check for people infected, Hart and Murray view a long convoy of soldiers in NBC suits and riding on garbage trucks heading into the city to assist the local authorities with the body disposal. Hart then takes Murray home and drives off to look for Rose. When Murray walks in his house, he is attacked and killed by his wife, now infected.As Hart drives through the deserted city, a infected maniac jumps on his car, but is shot dead by a militia marksman. Soldiers in bio-warfare suits remove the infected man's body to dump it in the nearby garbage truck and spray disinfectant on Hart's car windshield and permit him to carry on his way.At Mindy's apartment, she watches a news report about a possible carrier of this lethal disease which has now been traced back to the Keloid Clinic, who is possibly immune. Rose walks into the room. A little later, Hart arrives to find Rose feasting on Mindy's body. Hart finally realizes that Rose is the carrier of the virus and tries to reason with her to seek treatment, but Rose refuses to believe him. She is in denial that she is feasting on blood and the one responsible for the city-wide epidemic that has now claimed thousands of people. She tries to run, but he chases after her. In a struggle, Hart falls down a fire escape ladder and is knocked out. Rose runs into the apartment building lobby, where she picks up another man in the lobby and has him take her back to his apartment.To see if Hart's accusations are true, Rose infects the guy with her phalic piece and then locks herself in the man's apartment and intends to stay there until she can see whether or not he becomes sick. Rose dials Mindy's phone number, and Hart stumbles back into the apartment to answer it. Rose tells Hart what she is doing, but he knows what will happen and frantically tells her to get out of the man's apartment. Hart sits helplessly at the receiver as the infected man in his apartment wakes up, growling and foaming at the mouth, and approaches Rose....The next morning, Montreal is nearly deserted. The streets are quiet except for distant gunfire and the sound of police and ambulance sirens. Soldiers in bio-ware suits find Rose's stiff, open-eyed body, laying next to some garbage cans in an alley. The body collectors pick up her body, toss it in the back of a garbage truck, and drive away, not realizing that she is the carrier of the virus.... and possibly the solution and antidote to the mayhem that continues to plague the city.[Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tags: cult,  horror,  murder, 

title: Silent Hill: Revelation 3D
synopsis: Heather Mason (Sharon) has a nightmare in which she runs from faceless men at a fairground. She hides in the merry go round as the faceless men gather round closer and closer. Pyramid Head is shown chained to the center, riding a bike contraption that causes the merry go round to go in circles. Men strapped as horses on the merry go round yell at heather. Alessa also appears, claiming that she cannot be beat and Heather must not come to Silent Hill. Heather is consumed by fire and her screams are heard in reality. Her father, Harry (Christopher) wakes her up and explains that it was just a nightmare and as soon as they make their new house feel like home, her dreams will return to normal, but she must promise to not ever go to Silent Hill. Harry is then killed from behind by a creature of Silent Hill, Heather screams and wakes up for real this time.Heather draws something in her notebook, assumedly something about her dream. At breakfast, it is collected that they have changed their names, location/home, hair color, etc. many times in the past to enable them to keep running. Harry gives Heather her early birthday present, a white vest she had been looking at at the mall. She puts it on and heads for her first day of school. The rules are, she must go to school and come straight home so that she will be safe. While Heather is away her father looks at her drawing book, rips out the pages and puts them in a wooden box with a symbol carved on top. It is shown that he saves all of Heather's Silent Hill drawings in an envelope. He looks into the mirror and a flashback is shown. He speaks to Rose, Heather's mom and his wife, and it is shown that Rose and (Sharon) were once trapped in Silent Hill. Rose found a portal that only allowed one person to return to reality, she saved Sharon by passing her through the portal. Rose says shes trapped but there is nothing (Christopher) can do but he must protect Sharon now because they (Silent Hill) will come looking for her because they need her. The portal closes and Rose is gone but Sharon returns to Chris with no memory of what happened. He lies and tells her that she was in an accident and her mom is dead. A medallion of some sorts with a symbol (same symbol on the box) falls from Sharon's hand when her father holds her. The flashback ends. On her way to school, Heather comes near a homeless man, for a quick second he has no face and Heather, in fear, backs up and is almost hit by a car. A strange man approaches her, apologizing, he thinks he recognizes her but Heather waves him off and walks to the school bus. In class she is introduced as a new kid by the teacher. When a mean girl asks her if she gets all her clothes from goodwill and the teacher pushes her to talk about herself, Heather explains that she moves around a lot so no one should bother learning her name or anything about her because she definitely wont remember or care for them. Impressed, the teacher also introduces the second new student, Vincent Cooper, who jokingly says he cant top Heather's speech. In the crowded hallway, there's an announcement on the P.A. but it quickly turns to static. Confused, Heather looks up to find the hallway deserted and the dimmed lights flickering. She hears children chanting Burn the Witch! and looks inside the window of a classroom to find kids in a circle in an old fashioned classroom pushing a girl around (reference to the first Silent Hill movie). She steps away to look into another window, the children turn around to look at her. As she steps away again, a faint voice calls her real name Sharon Da Silva. The hallway turns into a hellish Silent Hill hallway. An armless creature begins his way towards her when suddenly Vincent comes up behind her, bringing her back to reality.They both talk but she rejects rudely his offer of having some coffee together.The same weirdo who talked to her at the bus stop is awaiting her. Heather walks back to school, bumping onto Vincent, who stares back at the man and Heather.She phones Dad telling him about the strange man. They set out a date at Happy Burger at the mall. Back at home, somebody is trying to enter. Dad says he loves her but he's taken.Heather waits and waits at the mall, sitting at a bench. He looks at a clown who's serving a birthday cake to a child called Heather. The clown waves at her and happily dances around, while happy children are running and playing all over the place. When she sees Happy birthday, Alessa in a balloon everything becomes gory and terrifying. The strange man calls her Sharon and runs after her. The hamburgers they eat are being cut at the kitchen by a butcher (Jason Best) from a tortured man who's hanging down as cattle in the kitchen, and then they are fry-cooked by Sergey Shpakovsky. Heather can't talk to her father. The man runs after her and tells her that he's Douglas Cartland. He has been paid by the Order of Valtiel to find Sharon Da Silva. Heather/Sharon still thinks that they are being followed because the police accuses Harry of killing her mother, but Douglas tells her that she had been imprisoned in a place called Silent Hill. They want Heather back.They are attacked by a monster (Chad Camilleri) with a blade as an arm and a strange head and he cuts some fingers from Douglas. They run into the lift and the monster jumps on top of it. The attacker takes Doughlas away, who wants to really help Heather. She enters the rubbish room where a cleaner scares her. She takes off her jacket. When she leaves the school, the police are there, taking away the body of Douglas. That bloodied coat will lead them to the culprit, says Detective Santini (Jefferson Brown), holding a photo caption of Heather. Vincent is one of the bystanders and asks her what she saw inside. Vincent and Heather walk together. Frantically, Heather tries to contact her father, who won't pick up his mobile phone. Vincent lends his coat to Heather, who's trembling with cold.Heather looksat some priests waiting for her. Vincent can only see a jogger. In the bus, there's a strange man (Peter Schoelier) mumbling and trying to seduce her. The conversation moves to the unexisting different between fantasy and reality as Vicent's crazy father (Malcolm McDowell) Leonard used to say.Back home, Dad is not there. Heather calls out for him, but only Vincent approaches her. They both see the huge writing on the wall COME TO SILENT HILL. Heather can't call the police. Heather recognises the round symbol, and tells Vincent that Silent Hill is the place of her nightmare, where Harry told her never to go. They check on the box with Heather's cutouts; she can't remember clearly wheyn she was adopted, and they also find the pendant which used to be Heather's, but one side is missing. Heather's got a gun.The police knock, possibly on a matter related to Cartland. Heather takes Vincent with her as she can't drive. The police busts the door open. They stare at the writing on the wall. To the enquire of Detective Cable (Milton Barnes), Santini says that Heather is a murder suspect.Heather reads Harry's letter to Sharon. Harry tried to protect Heather/Sharon at all costs. He didn't kill a random thief that day; he was a member of the Order told to take Sharon to Silent Hill, where she should not EVER EVER go. The Order needs Heather, he doesn't know why. - Images in sepia of Harry taking away Heather's school file from Ipwich High School. Harry has written books and books about the monsters and Silent Hill along the years. The story is that the British built a colony prison in a hill which used to be a cemetery for Native Americans, called the place of Silent Spiritis. The Order of Valtial have been waiting for 100 years for a child to be born, who will be the vessel for their god, who in turn would create a new world. There's also a newspaper cutout with the news about a fire going underground the town of Silent Hill, in the old mines. The place had to be abandoned, and the mines are still burning. Harry thinks that the Order of Valial tried to kill the demon Alessa, trying to burn her, but Alessa took revenge and brought darkness to the town.They arrive to the end of a road. Vincent insists on stopping. They arrive to Jack's, a derelict motel. Vincent advises not to go to Silent Hill. They hug each other. Heather dreams about Alessa invading the town with darkness. When she wakes up, she insists on going to Silent Hill. Vincent tells her not to do, because she belongs to the Order. She was born and raised in Silent Hill, but he was sent to the world to make sure she would come back with him. Vincent tells her that going back to the real world is possible for a short while, as long as there is a sacrifise and pain as price. He lifts up his shirt and he's been tattoed the sign of the order with a knife in his own flesh. Vincent tells her that they are taught that Alessa is keeping everybody in suffering and that Heather is part of that evil, but Vincent now believes that, if Heather is part of Alessa, she is actually the innocent part. In order to kill Alessa, she must be completed first; then the Order will be freed. Heather's father is kept alive in a Sanctuary under the city by Claudia Wolf (Carrie-Anne Moss), Vincent's mother. Heather is adamant to rescue Harry, and Vincent tells her that she will need the other half of the amulet.Throughout all this conversation, lights are flickering in and out, showing that evil is approaching. Leonard Wolf, Vincent's father, has got the other half in the asylum. Vincent wants to help Heather and go with her. Lights go out because the darkness is approaching.Walls start bleeding. Everything falls off. Behind, they can see the real scenery of terrifying Silent HIll. As Heather is part of Alessa, she can free the darkness in herself to enter the usually hidden realm. A monster takes Vincent but leaves Heather untouched - Heather needs to enter Silent Hill by her own volition. The darkness recedes and Heather wakes up in messy motel room No 10 in Silent Hill.Smog and fallen ashes surround the road leading to Silent Hill. People stare at Heather from behind closed windows. Churchbells are heard. Tied to a stake, with a huge placard saying TRAITOR, it looks that is Vincent's destiny. Dahlia (Deborah Kara Unger) arrives from behind the pole, and tells Heather that she shold not be there, because she'll be used. Heather knows who she is: Alessa's mother, who allowed the townspeople to burn her daughter as a witch. She was deceived; she thought Alessa was special, and that they would help her. Heather thinks that they all got what they deserved. Alissa didn't die - she was badly hurt but with her rage, her powers increased. She took revenge on the town and put the good innocent part of her soul in an innocent newly-born baby and the baby was Sharon, says Dahlia. Sharon was at Toluca County Orphanage and was adopted by unaware parents - Harry and Rose. She can't save Harry without condemming herself.Darkness arrives, everything seems to fly up and Heather runs. Inside is safer. There are broken dummies, including one which is alive, a young girl, who becomes a dummy and a girl (Rachel Sellan) who's about to become one. That girl is freed and says that the monster - a huge spider made of dummy parts - is approaching. The spider takes the head of the newly-transformed dummy, and includes it within itself. The head comes alive and screams. The spider finds them because the exit door is locked. It takes the other girl, who had lost herself in the woods, but Heather is able to leave.Claudia says that darkness convinced Vincent, but he says that Claudia's darkness created Alessa. Harry is tied down to a sculpture of the faceless monster. Claudia says that Vincent, in his madness, succeeded, and that where her sister Christabella failed, she will succeed as well. Vincent is taken to the asylum, while Harry wakes up.Heather finds the asylum and Leonard's medical file. He is in room 12, so she takes that key. Heather kills a monster who jumps on top of her. Heather finds the room. With her torchlight, she can see blind Leonard. He was chained by Claudia, her own daughter. Leonard looks like a monster himself anyway. Leonard laughs at the wailing sighs of Vincent. Leonard is an ongoing project, so he's not become a monster yet. He tells Heather to place the amulet in his hand, and she does, pointing his gun at him. Leonard recognises the seal which was used to take a child outside. The amulet unlocks the true nature of things. Leonard says that she has already found the other half, because it's hidden inside of him. He uses the half of the amulet to stab himself and rejoin the two pieces. Leonard can see and tries to kill Heather but she shoots him.The newly-born monster frees himself and takes Heather with him, but she takes the whole amulet out and the monster becomes only dust and ashes.Now she has the amulet whole again. She tries to talk to Alessa. Imprisoned men grab at her until the monster with the blade arm appears. He starts cutting arms with its axe. Heather crawls onto a hole.This corridor leads to a torture chamber. Several nurses are holding clubs, axes, butcher knives... They are blind, so they only move when they listen to something. They kill the two nurses who took Vincent there. He can't free himself without making noise.Heather appears. Vincent tells him that Harry is at the sanctuary under the fairground and that he can help her. She frees him and with noise, the nurses stab the air and them. The use the hospital bed as a shield. Heather can't understand how they can live like that, but Vincent says that it's all he's known in his life. Vincent still tries to convince her of leaving without her father. The fair starts working.They hide from some soldiers of the order in gas masks. They don't breath air directly because they think it corrupts them. Vincent kisses Heather and lures them away. It's exactly as in her nightmares. A soldier appears but takes off his mask and dies. The merry-go-round is working, and tongues of fire surround Heather. Alessa appears, first a child, then a teenager.Pyramid Head makes the merry-go-round move. Alessa says that each person has their personal nightmare in Silent Hill when Heather confronts her. Alessa tells Heather that she's not welcome. When Heather tells her to go to hell, Alessa says they're already there. They embrace each other, Alessa trying to kill Heather and Heather saying that she loves her regardless. They exchange looks until Alessa disappears in dust, Heather passes out and the merry-go-round stops.Heather wakes up. A door opens. Sharon/Heather meets her father, still tied. Claudia tells that darkness has invaded her sanctuary. Claudia wants to kill Harry so that his blood will feed the new god which will be born from Heather. Claudia says they need Heather's body. Vincent is present throughout all this conversation, but he can't do anything to help Heather.Heather offers the amulet to Claudia, saying that she wants to see what Claudia really is. When Claudia touches it, she shows herself to be a monster like any other of Alessa's servants. Claudia fights Pyramid Head. Heather and Vincent unty Harry while Pyramid Head kills Claudia's nightmarish figure.The three of them, Vincent, Heather and Harry leave. Harry says he can't leave. Harry wants to rescue Rose. Heather did her task, and he must do his. Harry tells Vincent to take care of Heather. Harry goes back inside Silent Hill.Both Heather and Vincent walk through a road. They thumb a lift from a lorry. The lorry driver is Travis Grady (Peter Outerbridge) and they finally leave Silent HIll.The second afterwards they finally leave the town, three police cars and a prison bus enter the smog-filled town.
tags: mystery,  boring,  violence,  alternate reality,  horror,  flashback,  revenge, 

title: The Sacrament
synopsis: Patrick, a fashion photographer, receives a letter from his estranged sister, a recovering drug addict named Caroline, that invites him to visit Eden Parish, a utopian, drug-free community founded by a religious leader. When Patrick investigates, he discovers that they have moved to a new undisclosed location only accessible by helicopter. Intrigued by the mystery, Patrick's co-workers, reporter Sam and cameraman Jake, suggest a feature documentary on the topic. The trip goes well, but the helicopter pilot warns them that he will leave with or without them the next day; they promise to be prompt. Issues first arise when they meet the guides at the airfield. Expecting only Patrick, they are taken aback by a film crew; they contact Father, the Jim Jones-esq leader, who authorizes their entrance.At the commune itself, armed guards delay the entry of the film crew. Feeling uneasy, Jake and Sam begin to regret the trip, but Patrick is able to smooth things over when his sister appears. Caroline enthusiastically welcomes them and apologizes for the misunderstanding. Caroline leaves with Patrick, and Jake and Sam are given their own cabin. After settling in, the two attempt to find members to interview. Several of the people open up to them and tell stories of how Father has saved them and given them new-found hope. The commune's nurse, Wendy, reveals that the commune has a well-stocked medical center funded by donations from the members, who sold off all their possessions.Privately, the filmmakers express their skepticism but admit that the members seem happy and have accomplished much. Caroline arranges an interview with Father, and Sam prepares a list of questions. However, Father will only agree to do the interview during a public meeting. Father, an older Southerner, greets them warmly and at first answers the questions openly. However, his answers to further questions about the true nature of the community become more evasive and vaguely threatening. Near the end of the interview, Father raises the subject of Sam's pregnant wife, which Sam had mentioned earlier to Wendy. Taken off-guard, Sam fumbles and loses control of the interview, and Father politely but dominantly cuts it short with roaring applause from his followers, who proceed to engage in a party.During the party, Savannah, a young, mute girl, passes a note requesting help to Sam. When the filmmakers inquire further, they discover a dissident group that wishes to leave, alleging abuse and brainwashing. Jake does not want to get involved, but Sam insists that they help despite the fact that the helicopter can not fit them. When Sam and Jake attempt to locate Patrick, they find that he has been take aside for a threesome, and an inebriated-seeming Caroline explains that they need Patrick's money. Growing increasingly distrustful of Father and the commune, Jake and Sam anxiously wait out the night, unable to sleep.In the morning, they find that the dissidents have become outright rebellious. Sarah, Savannah's mother, insists that they at least rescue her daughter, and Jake returns to the helicopter to delay its take-off. The pilot flatly refuses to help, but gunshots cut the conversation short. Jake flees into the forest and circles back to the helicopter; the injured pilot tells him to get the others. At the camp, Sam attempts to break up a fight, and a guard attacks him. Caroline angrily denounces him, and he is taken hostage. Father convenes the commune and forces everyone to commit mass suicide by taking cyanide-laced drinks. Anyone who refuses is shot dead. When Jake returns to the camp, he finds almost everyone dead except for roving, armed guards.Patrick, also held hostage, panics when Caroline injects him with a syringe, and she holds him as he dies. When Jake finds her, she refuses to leave the camp, saying that she has nothing left, and she self-immolates. In another cabin, Jake finds Savannah and Sarah hiding; Sarah herself kills her daughter to spare her from execution, and guards shoot Sarah dead while Jake hides. When Jake finally confronts Father himself, he finds Sam bound to a chair. Father commits suicide, and the two filmmakers flee back to the helicopter, where they escape.
tags: brainwashing,  cult,  horror,  murder,  dramatic, 

title: Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island
synopsis: The film opens with the Mystery, Inc. gang solving the case of the Moat Monster. Becoming bored with solving mysteries, the gang goes their separate ways. Daphne Blake and Fred Jones start running a successful television series called Coast to Coast With Daphne Blake; Velma Dinkley becomes the proprietor of a mystery bookstore; Shaggy Rogers and his dog Scooby-Doo are fired from their job at an airport after eating all of the confiscated foods. For Daphne's birthday, Fred decides to get the gang back together for a road trip while Daphne is filming her show.
After encountering a lot of fake monsters, the gang finally arrives in New Orleans. They are soon invited by a young woman named Lena Dupree to visit her employer's home on Moonscar Island, which is allegedly haunted by the ghost of the pirate Morgan Moonscar. Though the gang is skeptical, they go with Lena, to whom Fred has taken a fancy.
On the island, the gang meets Lena's employer Simone Lenoir, as well as the ferryman Jacques, and Simone's gardener Beau, to whom Daphne takes a fancy. They also meet Snakebite Scruggs, an ill-natured fisherman, and his hunting pig, Mojo. The gang sets out to prove that the ghost is a fake. Shaggy and Scooby are chased by Mojo and end up falling into a big hole, where they encounter the zombie of Morgan Moonscar. By the time the rest of gang comes to investigate, Moonscar isn't around.
Simone invites the gang to her house to stay for the night. As the gang is dressing up for dinner, Shaggy sees the ghost of a Confederate colonel in the mirror; Simone explains that the island was a temporary headquarters for a Confederate regiment during the American Civil War. Due to Simone's cats, Shaggy and Scooby eat in the Mystery Machine, but find the food spicy and get some water from the lake, where an army of zombies emerge. Shaggy's bad driving gets the Mystery Machine stuck in the mud, forcing him and Scooby to flee on foot.
Fred and Daphne find the Mystery Machine, but no sign of Shaggy and Scooby. They argue about each other's supposed love interests and come across Shaggy and Scooby. They manage to capture a zombie, which is revealed to be real. As the zombies swarm around them, the gang splits in panic. Elsewhere, Shaggy and Scooby discover wax dolls that look like Fred, Velma, and Daphne, and they play with them, causing their friends to undertake a series of involuntary actions for a short time until they leave after disturbing a nest of bats.
Fred, Daphne, Velma, and Beau return to Simone's house and discover a secret passage under the staircase. They find Lena, who tells them that the zombies took Simone away. They find a secret chamber for voodoo rituals, where Velma finds footprints of Simone's heels and interrogates Lena about the story. Simone then appears, and she and Lena use voodoo dolls to trap the gang in the chamber before revealing themselves to be evil cat creatures. Simone explains that centuries ago, they were part of a group of settlers who were devoted to a cat god. When Moonscar and his pirates chased the settlers into a bayou filled with alligators, the vengeful Simone and Lena asked their cat god to curse Moonscar. Their wish was granted and they killed Moonscar and his crew, but the curse caused them to become cat creatures permanently, requiring that they drain life forces to preserve their immortality. Jacques joined them later on, agreeing to bring them more victims in exchange for immortality. The repentant zombies' intent was to warn the gang to leave to escape their fate.
Finding Shaggy and Scooby, Jacques transforms into a cat creature and chases them to drain their lives. Thanks to the zombies, Shaggy and Scooby escape and accidentally tumble into the cave, interrupting the draining ceremony and distracting the cat creatures. Velma quickly unties herself and creates voodoo dolls of Simone and Lena to interrupt their ritual. When they are finally cornered, the cat creatures' curse expires, causing them to disintegrate, freeing the zombies' souls and allowing them to rest in peace. Beau is revealed to be an undercover police officer sent to investigate the disappearances on the island. Daphne offers Beau a chance to guest-star on her show and discuss the adventure. The next morning, everyone leaves the island via ferry to head back to town. In a post-credits scene, Scooby feeds the cats some milk before howling out his name to the viewers.
tags: horror,  psychedelic,  suspenseful, 

title: Shaun of the Dead
synopsis: The film begins in The Winchester, a traditional London pub. Shaun (Simon Pegg), his girlfriend Liz (Kate Ashfield) and her two friends David (Dylan Moran) and Dianne (Lucy Davis) are socializing while the overweight and foul-mouthed slacker Ed (Nick Frost) plays away on the slot machine. Liz is trying to encourage Shaun to strengthen their relationship and be more adventurous, rather than just reminiscing in the pub and hanging out with Ed. Liz reminds Shaun how she hasn't even met his mother yet, though they've been together for more than two years. The scene ends with Shaun staring vacantly towards the camera, clearly displaying anxiety.The movie's intro credits roll, continually panning right through scenes of regular people performing everyday tasks. We see ordinary people moving supermarket trolleys, working behind tills (cash registers), waiting at the bus stop, or mindlessly listening to street music, all staring and acting zombie-like (a reference to the satirical elements of 'Dawn of the Dead').Inside his house, Shaun wakes up and joins Ed in the living room where he joins in a video game on the PlayStation. Ed reminds Shaun that he has to go to work and Shaun begrudgingly goes to get ready. While Shaun is getting ready, his second flat-mate and college buddy Pete confronts him about Ed's behavior. Pete is fed up with Ed lounging around all day, freeloading off them and not bothering to find a job. Shaun defends Ed by saying he's harmless and fun to have around, to which Pete replies Why? Because he can impersonate an orangutan? Fuck-a-doodle-do!. Both Pete and Shaun leave for work, with Shaun asking Ed to take down any phone messages (everyone's, not just his own) that come during the day. Just as Shaun leaves, Liz calls to leave an answerphone message for Shaun, asking him to book their restaurant dinner an hour earlier. Shaun doesn't hear the message.The next sequence of scenes sees Shaun side-tracked by a series of bizarre events, including newspaper headlines describing attacks on members of the public, people collapsing at bus stops, and television news reports of more attacks and military involvement. Shaun arrives at work, an electronics retail shop, where he is manager. Shaun's step-dad, Philip (Bill Nighy), pays him a visit to remind him of his bi-monthly visit to his mum. The pair have a very frosty relationship and Shaun clearly does not like his step-father. Shaun holds a staff meeting for his team of clearly bored and feckless teenage staff. He tries to discipline a colleague for using his mobile phone on shop floor; while doing so he receives a personal call from Liz. To save looking hypocritical he is forced to pretend it's a work related call, and ends up ignoring a bemused Liz who's called to remind him about booking dinner earlier that evening.Later, when Shaun is purchasing flowers for his mum, he notices a homeless man (Patch Connolly) outside staggering and trying to eat the pigeons, before vanishing when a bus cuts across the scene. On his way home, Shaun gets off the bus early as traffic is gridlocked, we see more accidents involving people passing out in their cars. On the walk home Shaun bumps into his old flame Yvonne (Jessica Hynes). She asks how he's getting on with Liz, which triggers his memory about booking the table for that evening. The scene cuts back to Shaun's flat as he desperately tries to call the restaurant to change the times, only to hear that they are fully booked. Liz then phones and Shaun explains that he forgot all about it, then suggests maybe they go to The Winchester...Liz then hangs up.Shaun grabs the flowers he'd bought for his mother and makes his way down to Liz's flat in an attempt to make amends with her. At first Liz refuses to let him in so Shaun tries and fails to scale the wall outside and enter through a window. Liz eventually relents and lets Shaun in to the flat, where she launches into a tirade. She lists all the promises Shaun's broken, and tells him how she's tired of putting up with a relationship that's clearly going nowhere. In her rage she finishes the relationship as David and Di stand by awkwardly.That evening, Shaun makes his way alone to The Winchester through the pouring rain, throwing his mother's flowers in a wastebin outside the pub. He meets with Ed and they spend the night joking and drinking heavily. A figure outside the pub batters against the window and moans, to which Ed simply retorts 'Piss head!.Drunk and still singing, the duo make their way outside... not noticing a zombie teenage girl tearing someone's head off. They mock a moaning zombie as another drunk... and make their way back home. They continue to sing and play loud techno music until Pete storms downstairs in a rage at being woken up by the noise. He throws the record out the window and launches into a barrage of swearing, verbally attacking Ed and telling Shaun to sort his life out. Ed notices that Pete's hand is bandaged and Pete tells him that a 'crackhead' bit him and he has a splitting headache. He shouts at them one last time for leaving the front door open, again, and returns to his room.The next morning arrives and Shaun decides to go walk down to the corner shop for a drink, and a Cornetto for Ed. Still hungover from the previous nights drinking, Shaun is completely oblivious to the carnage surrounding him: smashed cars, blood-stained floors and windows, corpses lying on sidewalks and front porches, police and ambulance sirens in the distance, and hordes of zombies slowly flooding the streets. Back at the flat, Shaun skips through the TV channels, past entertainment channels and news reports of the incidents. Ed, looking out of the window, tells Shaun there's a girl in their garden.Out in the garden, they try and get the teenage girl's attention. When she turns around she is a deathly-pale, white-eyed zombie. They think she's drunk, until she attacks them. Thinking that she's just a nuisance, Shaun pushes her back and she trips and impales herself on a metal stump. Shaun and Ed are seen looking very shocked as the zombie girl slowly stands up as if nothing has happened. Panicking, they choose to go back inside only to be confronted by another male zombie. They make it past him and return to the safety of the house.Back inside, Shaun dials 999, but the line is engaged. The pair sit down on the sofa watching the news, when a blood-covered, tuxedo-clad zombie with a severed arm makes his way inside (Shaun left the front door wide open again) the pair attack it by throwing any object they can. Only for Ed to kill it by smashing a glass ash tray on its head. The pair then decide to take on the two zombies still in the garden, again, by throwing any household object they can, at their heads. When Ed finds the record Pete threw out last night and throws it at the male zombie, it sticks into him like a blade, prompting their second idea...They go through Shaun's record collection and throw every record they dislike (the Batman soundtrack, Dire Straits) and use them as projectiles. When that plan fails, Shaun bashes down the shed door, and the pair arm themselves with a cricket bat (Shaun) and a shovel (Ed), they then beat the zombies to death.Back inside, the shaken Shaun and Ed are finally aware at what is going on and they are now watching the TV news reports advising people to contain anyone who has been bitten. At this point Shaun and Ed then remember Pete and the bite he claims to have gotten the previous day. They call upstairs to him, but get no response. Shaun then tries to call Liz but can't get through. His mum, Barbara (Penelope Wilton), then calls him, she tells him that some men were trying to attack her and Philip outside their house, but only Philip was bitten, much to Shaun's relief. Shaun and Ed then go through plans to rescue his mum and Liz, kill zombie Philip, and rendezvous at The Winchester.Preparing to leave, Shaun goes to the toilet, only to discover a naked zombified Pete in the shower (he had apparently turned while he was preparing to shower). Wasting no more time, Shaun and Ed head outside to Pete's car, only to attract the attention of every zombie outside on the street--they now number in the dozens. They drive at high speed, listening to the radio reports of a coming apocalypse and witnessing zombie attacks on every street corner they drive past. They make it to Philip's and Barbara's house and screech to a halt outside. Philip's Jaguar immediately catches Ed's eye and he convinces Shaun to let him wait in the car 'as a lookout'.Inside, Barbara greets Shaun warmly and makes him tea. Shaun goes to kill Philip while Barbara is distracted. He finds Philip hasn't become a zombie yet, but is very ill. After some discussion, Shaun convinces them to come with him and Ed. Outside, Ed has intentionally crashed Pete's car so they can ride in Philip's Jaguar. As they get into the Jaguar another zombie attacks and bites Philip in the neck--a wound which will prove mortal. The four quickly get in the car and drive to Liz's apartment building.At Liz's flat, Shaun tells Ed to stay outside in the car on lookout again. Dozens of zombies are swarming outside, and Shaun dispatches them quickly with his cricket bat and makes his way to the front door. When he gets cornered again, he makes his way into the flat by climbing up to the fourth floor window. Inside, Shaun convinces Liz, David and Di to come with himself, Ed, Barbara and Philip to The Winchester for safety. The four make their way outside clubbing the zombies to get to the car. It's here that Shaun finally introduces Liz to his mum.On the way down the road, Ed is intentionally mowing down every zombie he can. Philip, bleeding profusely, tells Shaun he took a tough attitude towards him was to help him become better, and hoped Shaun would look up to him. He tells Shaun he loves him before he dies. Shaun, in an emotional state, orders Ed to pull over and tells Barbara that Philip is dead. She looks and says no he isn't. Shaun then panics as he sees that Philip has instantly become a zombie, and shouts for everyone to get out of the car.Out in the open and vulnerable, the six head for a short-cut, making their way through the back-alleys of the local houses. They bump into Yvonne and another group of five people (who all strike similar resemblance to Shaun's team) who are also trying to survive. After some quick talk, Shaun and Yvonne embrace before parting ways.They start to pass through the back gardens. When they come to a garden where the Winchester is just over the other side, Shaun sees that his mum is missing from the team, and quickly jumps back into the previous garden, where he fends off another zombie. Liza and Di join in to help, passing a tennis pole to use as a weapon, Shaun then impales the zombie against a tree, imobilising although not killing it.Shaun checks over the fence to see if the coast is clear, only to his horror to discover that there are hundreds of the undead swarming the street in front of the Winchester. Shaun has an idea: Dianne is a actress-in-training, so she gets the other five to mimic the actions and sounds of the zombie impaled behind them so they can sneak through the crowds of zombies unsuspected. At first the plan seems to work, but as they make it to the doorway, the zombies start to become suspicious. The group tries to get into the building only to realize that the pub is closed and locked up; then Ed completely gives them away when he just cannot resist answering his mobile phone and starts chatting. Shaun knocks away the phone and berates the stupid and irresponsible Ed, saying that he has spent his whole life covering for Ed's failures and foul-ups. He ceases when he sees that ALL the zombies have turned their attention to the group. Aware that the game is up, David quickly throws a trash bin through the window, smashing the glass, for everyone to get inside. To make sure the zombies don't follow them, Shaun waves and shouts and gets the zombies to chase him (or simply, stagger after him), causing a distraction while the others scramble inside. Barbara spots the flowers Shaun had bought for her and discarded, and takes them into the pub.Hours pass and Shaun has not returned, David suggests blocking up the shattered window since the street in front of the pub is still deserted, although Liz is insistant that Shaun will return, leading to David complaining about the entire situation they're in. Shaun eventually makes it back (through the back door) saying that he gave them the slip. The group manages to board up the front shattered window and secure the locked doors.Night falls, and the group of six are bored and decide to see there's anything on the TV. As there's no electricity in the pub, Shaun goes into the back room to turn on the main circuit breakers. When he turns the lights on, he's shocked to discover that the zombies have followed him back and are massing outside the back door.Back in the main pub, both the local and major TV channels are broadcasting only stay tuned screens. Shaun whispers that the zombies followed him back, and they agree to keep very quiet. However, Ed being Ed, messes it up again by turning on a noisy video slot machine. Zombies now surround the outside of the pub in the front and back entrances and battering at the doors to get inside. Just then, the zombie pub landlord crawls in to attack. With the electricity on, the juke box turns on and starts to play Don't Stop Me Now by Queen. Shaun, Ed and Liz all grab pool cues and (in a classic scene) club the zombie to the song's beat. Dianne joins in by throwing darts at the zombie, only for one to land in Shaun's head. Ed tosses the Winchester repeating rifle from the bar to Shaun (who thinks it's deactivated) and kills the zombie by smashing its head through the juke box. Asking why Shaun didn't just shoot him, Shaun tries to explain it's not functional only to be blown back when he pulls the trigger. The Winchester rifle is fully loaded.Packed together, the group join to defend against the masses of the undead. As they start to charge through the front windows, Shaun fires but misses several times, with the others' directions being much help, except when Ed calls out the same way they do in their video-games. Di notices something's wrong with Barbara, and goes to her aid. She reluctantly reveals that she was bitten by the zombie they impaled with the tennis pole, but has kept it quiet so as not to worry Shaun and the others . Every one of the group comes to her need except for David, who's been left with the rifle. Barbara thanks Shaun for the flowers, then collapses dead in his arms. David cocks the gun and aims for Barbara, coldly saying it has to be done before she zombifies and attacks them. Shaun explodes in a fit of rage, holds a broken bottle to his neck and threatens him to stop aiming at her. Ed does the same, Dianne says this isn't fair, so he gives her the broken bottle (to point at Shaun) and Ed points a corkscrew at David, leading to a Mexican stand-off, which ends just as quickly when Barbara rises as a zombie. Shaun takes the gun, emotionally apologizes to his mum, and shoots her dead.When David says he did the right thing, Shaun retaliates by punching him. David tries to shoot Shaun, only for the gun to run out of shells. He then decides to leave. Dianne scolds him; he apologizes, but Dianne says he should apologize to Shaun. When he tries, zombies smash through the window and pull David through, completely dismembering him. Dianne irrationally opens the front door and charges for the zombies in a blind effort to save David. Her fate is left unknown (although in the Plot Holes section of the DVD, it's revealed that she survived.)The zombies break into the pub at all corners, including Pete, much to everyone's surprise. Pete and others swarm over Ed and bite into him, and Shaun shoots Pete in the head finishing him off. Shaun and Liz then jump over the bar and hide behind it, dousing the bar with brandy and setting it afire. Ed, severely wounded, makes it over the bar to join them. The box of rifle shells was left in the burning mess, and they begin to explode adding to the fire. With only two shells to spare, the three survivors make their way into the cellar, and find a lift down there that will lead to the outdoors.With the lift and the trapdoor not working, the remaining three are trapped in the cellar as the building is now on fire. Shaun contemplates the last two shells for Liz and himself. Ed says I don't mind being eaten. They share a last cigarette between them, only to see the power switch for the lift when they light up. Shaun tries to get Ed to come with him, but Ed knows he's done for anyway as he's bitten, and decides to stay. Liz and Shaun say their farewell to Ed and make it out into the street.Prepared for more fighting, luck comes their way as the military arrives and opens fire on the zombies. Accompanying them is Yvonne, who says they're evacuating any survivors. Shaun and Liz follow, holding hands.The next scene opens with several TV shows and reports saying that months have passed since the outbreak, and that captive zombies are now being used in everyday life, for menial jobs such as trolley stacking (table clearing in restaurants, collecting shopping carts, etc.) and used as part of silly game shows.Shaun wakes up... in the same zombie-like way at the beginning of the film... and he is sharing the flat with Liz, the two of them now a couple again. They plan a peaceful day together. The film ends with Shaun saying he's gonna pop out to the shed, where the zombie Ed is chained up so they can play video-games together.
tags: comedy,  dark,  boring,  murder,  stupid,  cult,  violence,  horror,  humor,  satire,  entertaining, 

title: Jacob's Ladder
synopsis: Helicopters at Nam. We are at the Mekong Delta, 1971. Suddenly, all the soldiers have splitting headaches and go wild. They are attacked. Jacob Singer (Tim Robbins) doesn't even move; he just stares at the mess and cruelty of war. He survives but has to run away on his own. He is wounded.He wakes up alone at a dirty underground wagon. He fell asleep while reading a book. He goes to another compartment where there is an old woman (Antonia Rey) and inquires if they have passed Bergen Street, but she doesn't understand him. There's a tramp sleeping there. He thinks he sees something like a tail. He leaves the train at his station but the doors are locked and chained. The exit is at the other side of the railway, he is alone in the station. He splashes into a pool of water; lights are flickering, another train is approaching menacingly - and he thinks he sees faceless people staring at him from the windows, one of them waving him goodbye.It's a sad, downtrodden New York side he lives in. Finally, he gets home to Jezzie (Elizabeth Peña), who was worried about him being so late. He has a shower and Jezzie showers with him.In Nam, he is crawling in the jungle. He notices a spiderweb. He wakes up in the morning, after having made love to Jezzie. They stare at some old photographs: one of them is Sarah's (Patricia Kalember). There is also a picture of Jacob's dead son, Gabe (Macaulay Culkin) which makes him cry. Jezzie offers some consolation, but she wants to destroy the photographs because they make Jacob cry. Later on, she throws the photographs into an incinerator, except for the one Jacob keeps in his wallet of his late son.Jacob driving while singing. He's a postman now. He flirts at work and goes for a massage to Louis (Danny Aiello), who feels that Jacob is terribly tense today. He comes back to the moment he was found in Nam. Jacob feels so relaxed, suddenly, and Louis looks like an angel to him.Walking down the street in his uniform, a group of young women (Kisha Skinner & Dion Simmons) sing to him  Hey, Mr Postman. A car tries to run him over, with the same blurry faces as on the train. He goes to Doctor Carlson's. The reception nurse (Suzanne Shepherd) says that there is no such doctor and never was. She suggests he sees a psychiatric doctor. Jacob bangs on the table, breaking a flower vase. When the nurse picks it up, he notices she's got a weird dead thing on her head. Jacob runs away and is followed by a security guard. He interrupts a group meeting. He says he's waiting for Dr Carlson. The new doctor (Doug Barron) says that Dr Carlson died in a car accident a month ago, it just blew up.Jezzie thinks he's exaggerating. She touches his back.He is in a house party dancing to  Lady Marmalade . A woman wants to read his future. She says that according to his palms, he's already dead. He dances with Jezzie, one of the partygoers, but feels the need to go. He notices a young man staring at him and several birds flying around. He stumbles and his glasses fall after seeing the man become a dizzy faceless man. He sees one of the partygoers strip down and a weird lizard tail hurting and killing her. The party stops because he panics and faints.He remembers about Nam. Jezzie tells him off because she felt mortified at the party. Jacob has a temperature, so Jezzie calls a doctor. She prepares a bath with ice so that the fever goes down. She calls for the help of her neighbours to ask for more ice. Mrs Carmichael (Gloria Irizarry) brought a bag full of ice. Some of them put them in the freezing water and he screams in pain.Back in bed, he thinks that he's with Sarah, and that his son enters his bedroom to complain of the cold. They talk father-to-son. It looks like he's been hallucinating. He wakes up dazed and confused, with Jezzie and a dog looking at him. He closes his reddened eyes, and remembers a helicopter picking him up.Jacob sees pictures in a book of torture and hell. Jezzie screams at him Anybody home?, and he interprets it as her being a demon, so he pushes her away. She leaves, wishing he was dead. At that moment the phone rings; it's Paul Flanagan (Pruitt Taylor Vince).They meet at a bar. Paul thinks that he's being followed, and is scared to death. They start wondering what they did to them that night in Nam which they can't remember. Somebody is looking at them. They are going out of the bar together. Jacob stops to pick up a penny saying my lucky day. Paul starts his car and smiles: it blows up, killing him instantly. The man who was staring at them tries to help Jacob, but then he leaves before Jacob has time to assimilate everything. For a second, Jacob remembers how the pilot got shot and blood spilled everywhere.It's Paul's funeral: it's raining, and everybody is carrying an umbrella. Frank (Eriq La Salle) trembles. George (Ving Rhames) spills his bottle. Jacob says to his friends that everything is too suspicious. Jacob and his 5 friends contact a lawyer, Geary (Jason Alexander) to sue the military department. He says it'll be expensive as hell while munching some crappy food. Somebody watches them leaving the office.Later, Jezzie tells Jacob that the lawyer is not taking his case as his friends have all backed down. Frank says that he's backed down because of having been threatened. Jacob insists that Geary take his case. He says that he's just checked his background and he and his friends were left out of the army draws on psychological grounds.Some guys kidnap Jacob in a car. They are official-looking men. A lady with a buggy sees that. Jacob hits the man and jumps out of the car, where a man dressed as Santa Claus (Jan Saint) stares at them. He's begging for money and he steals Jacob's wallet.Jacob is admitted to hospital. A young police officer (Raymond Anthony Thomas) has found him. A nurse (Bellina Logan) tells him that they will do for him everything they can. The resident doctor (Scott Cohen) looks as though he's having fun. Jacob starts seeing a broken bike, and weird demented people all over him. He passes through some butcher's place with human parts all over the place, and watches a faceless man (Alva Williams) trembling again.An evil doctor (Davidson Thomson) is getting ready to operate on him and tells him that he's dead. Jezzie is a nurse there. He insists he's alive and sane. An eyeless doctor (Ed Jupp Jr.) punctures his forehead with a needle and reaches his brain.Sarah and two children visit him in hospital. Jacob insists he's alive. A voice says Dream on, and Jacob panics again. His doctor tries to take him out of hospital. He's heavily bandaged. The nurses and paramedics cannot stop them. Louis gives him a massage: Jacob says that he was in hell. Louis's treatment is rough and painful, but he says that now, Jacob is well.Jacob checks on his honourable discharge documents. He also sees a drawing made by Gabe. He was playing with his bike, and started to pick up his baseball cards from the road. A car ran over him. He thinks he sees him at home but sees a blurry man again. He caresses his temples.Jezzie enters with some groceries. She asks where he's been, as he's been away for two days. She looks very concerned. She called every hospital in the city, but he was nowhere. The phone rings, and Jacob tells her not to pick it up. She picks up andsays she hasn't seen him all night. Jacob picks the phone up when she asks what experiment?. Jezzie looks terrified and asks him not to go. He hugs her, says sorry and leaves. The voice tells him to make sure he's not being followed.Michael Newman (Matt Craven) has been following him for some time, as he was one of the survivors. He claims to have been a chemist who used to work for the Army's chemical warfare division in Saigon. They had invented a new drug called The Ladder. It was designed to increase aggression, bringing soldiers' most primal urges to light in such a way that the conscious mind could not repress them. The ladder was first tested on monkeys and then on a group of captured enemy combatants, with gruesome results. It was deemed that the drug had created the effect wanted by the army officers, so the next step was to give small doses of the drug to the soldiers in Jacob's batallion in secret. Here it was when all hell turned loose, as each private attacked his fellow soldiers. The result was a carnage, so one of his fellow soldiers was responsible for wounding Jacob, not the enemy.Jacob leaves and takes a taxi. Jacob gives the taxi driver (Sam Coppola) all his money and tells him to take him home. The driver asks where his home is. Jacob finally remembers the moment when he was wounded, and it was somebody from his platoon.The Doorman (Thomas A. Carlin) greets Jacob as Doctor Singer, saying that it's a long time since they have seen each other. They shake hands.He is alone at home; he sits in the dark and reminiscences about playing with Gabe. He sees Gabe. Jacob and his son hug each other. Gabe takes him by the hand upstairs, into the shining light.Newman is in Nam: he says that Jacob is gone. He and another doctor (Jaime Perry) leave his body behind carelessly.Fade to black.Some captions say that It was reported that the hallucinogenic drug BZ was used in experiments on soldiers during the Vietnam war. The Pentagon denied the story.End credits.Photographs of Jacob and Gabe walking together, from behind.
tags: psychological,  gothic,  violence,  cult,  horror,  alternate reality,  haunting,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  tragedy, 

title: Dead Silence
synopsis: This movie starts out with Jamie and Lisa receiving an anonymous package in the mail. They decide that the only way to find out who it is from is to open it up. When they open it, they find a ventriloquist doll.Later on, after Jamie leaves their residence, Lisa hears it get dead silent, then starts to hear voices coming from the room where they left the doll. She creeps in there slowly, pulls back the sheet that they had used to cover up the doll, and the doll murders Lisa.After Jamie, now the prime suspect in his wife's murder, gets interrogated by the police, he returns home to look for clues. He finds a clue in the box that leads him to his home town, also the home town of murdered ventriloquist, Mary Shaw.After a brief visit with his rich father, and his father's new young bride, Jamie finds himself hearing voices in his hotel room.Meanwhile, at the coroner's office, the coroner (Henry Walker) is getting ready to take a picture of the latest victim while his wife (Marion Walker) is hiding in a dark hiding place mumbling.Then, they cut away to Lisa's funeral where the Marion tries to warn Jamie of the curse of the stare of Mary Shaw. Near the end of the warning, you hear her say that he must bury the doll.Jamie then returns to the hotel where he finds the name Billy on the back of the doll. He then immediately gets in a car, with the doll, and brings it to the Cemetery. After a few minutes of searching, he finds a head stone with Billy on it and starts digging. He pulls out the casket only to find it empty, throws the doll in, who then looks right at him, and buries the doll.Jamie is then in his car, when he starts to see shadows of something running and hearing noises. He then sees the doll looking at him through the window and decides to get out and look.In the next scene, Jamie is back at his Hotel washing his face. He is drying his face and has a towel over it. When he removes the towel he finds two surprises. The doll AND Officer Jim Lipton are in his hotel room.The Officer then begins to use the doll to badger the prime suspect of Lisa's murder. Jamie begins to tell Lipton about the nursery rhyme associated with Mary Shaw. They continue to talk about the murder a bit and then Lipton leaves and takes the doll with him.In the next scene Lipton is shown shaving and talking to the doll.Then Jamie gets the doll back and heads over to the Henry and Marion's house to talk to them. Jamie starts talking to the Coroner about Mary Shaw when Henry says they don't mention the name Mary Shaw.Henry then tells the story of Mary Shaw, the Ventriloquist who lost her voice. They flash back to Mary putting on a show with the same doll involved with the movie so far. Mary and the doll, now known as Billy, get into an argument with a child in the audience.Then, back at Henry's house, he tells Jamie that the child in question ended up missing. After Mary died, she asked that she not only be buried with her dolls, but that they make her into a doll.Then they flash back to when Henry was a child, and how he went in to look at Mary's corpse and the table falls, sending him and Mary to the ground of the Coroner's office. Then he sees Mary's ghost, but covers his mouth, so as not to scream.Then, back in the present day, Henry shows Jamie pictures of a bunch of townsfolk, all murdered by having their tongues removed.Next, Jamie heads to the old run-down theater while Lipton starts digging up graves at the cemetery. Jamie finds some more clues leading him to believe the haunting is true.Meanwhile, at Henry and Marion's house, Henry walks in on Marion talking to Billy, the doll. Henry then takes the doll from his wife and puts it in his office. Then Henry starts to hear things as he grabs a shovel. He thinks it is Marion and he apologizes to her. He then goes to look in Marion's hiding place only to get locked in. After pounding on the door for a bit, he realizes he isn't alone. He sees Mary's ghost, screams, and then is murdered in the same fashion as all the others.Meanwhile, Jamie goes back to question his dad. Jamie finds out that when his uncle, the little boy from the flashback that was arguing with Mary, went missing, the townsfolk thought it was Mary that took him. They went to Mary, made her scream and then cut her tongue out.Jamie realizes that he could also be a victim since Mary seems to be killing everyone involved with her murder, and their offspring. About this time Lipton shows up and starts questioning Jamie again. Jamie gets a call from the recently deceased Henry telling him to meet him at the theater.Next, Jamie has to run from Lipton who is trying to arrest him to head to the theater. Lipton gives chase but is stalled since he has to find a boat to cross the river. (The bridge is gone.)In the theater, Jamie keeps hearing Henry's voice guiding him to him. He comes up to a room where he hears the voices come from. Then Lipton walks in with a shotgun and says that Henry couldn't be there due to the lack of a boat for him. Then you hear Henry say that he is in fact there.They both start following the voices into a room where there are hundreds of dolls in cases with one empty case labeled Billy. They also find a corpse of a boy made to look like a doll.Then it gets very silent, until the dolls in the cases start to move what looks to be all on their own. They all look to their lefts where the scene shows what looks like another doll rocking in a rocking chair.Jamie says the name Mary Shaw twice. The doll stops rocking. Jamie starts talking to this doll who is talking as if it is Mary Shaw herself. Jamie starts asking about specific victims when he finally asks about his late wife Lisa. The doll tells him to come closer so she can whisper it to him. As it starts whispering, it then sticks out a tongue and the scene shows Mary behind the doll sticking her snake-like tongue through the doll.Lipton then blows the doll away and starts shooting other dolls once they realize that Mary is living through the dolls. A fire erupts and Jamie and Lipton make a run for it. Then a girder they are running on falls and Lipton falls and starts to scream. Then he gets saved by the ghost only to have his tongue removed like the others.Then Jamie sees the ghost and covers his mouth as he falls through the floor in to the flooded basement of the theater. He then swims out and ends up on the other side of the lake and turns around as the Theater is burning down.Then he gets in his car and remembers the missing doll from the case, Billy, and speeds off. He heads back to Henry's house to look for the dummy Billy. He hears Marion crying. He finds her holding Henry's corpse and questions her about the doll. She claims that his father came and took the doll.Jamie rushes off to his father's house to find the doll. He goes in and heads up stairs and it gets dead silent again. Then he hears someone say Why did you bury me Jamie? I am in here. He then walks in and finds the doll in a room of the house. Then the ghost of Mary comes out to try to scare Jamie and he throws the doll Billy into the fire place.Then Jamie finds his dad who he discovers is nothing more than a life-sized doll. Then he realizes that his doll father's young bride was controlling the life-sized doll and was the ghost of Mary Shaw.He then turns around and sees his stepmom who says Now who's the dummy? Then her face turns evil and ghostly and Jamie screams and suffers the same fate as everyone else.At the end of the film, Jamie's voice is heard saying the rhyme below as the camera moves over a photo album with each victim from Lipton to Jamie turned into a puppet with a workable mouth.Beware the stare of Mary Shaw. She had no children only dolls, and if you see her in your dreams, be sure to never ever SCREAM.
tags: revenge,  horror,  gothic,  murder,  flashback, 

title: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
synopsis: In an opening distainer, when Sally Hardesty-Enright (the survivor from the original) escaped from the cannibal family, she reported it to the authorities. Since she was so terrorized and terrified over what happened, she fell into a catatonic state of mental health. As for the authorities, they issued a month-long manhunt for these wanted criminals, but when they arrived at the house, absolutly nothing was found. No suspects were taken into custody, no evidence was obtained. Nothing was found and on the records, it was concluded that the massacre Sally described did not happen.13 years after 1973, after authorities came to the conclusion that there was no massacre in Muerto County, Texas, more brutal chainsaw murders occurred after remaining silent after over a decade of absence. Not only were the massacres of 1986 located in Austin like in 1973, but the Texas Chainsaw Massacre state-wide killing spree. It wasn't until 14 years after the massacre of 1973 the state-wide massacres occuring across Texas were finally investigated upon.In the opening scene, a year after the massacres began occuring in more parts of Texas, two rowdy high school seniors are seen driving around in a Cadillac and whom are looking for nothing but a good time in celebration of their school football team's victory, started calling up Vantia Brock (also known as Stretch), a DJ for a rock station in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. A little later as it gets dark, the two teenage kids call Stretch again from their car phone drunk and crazy, but they paused on the phone for a second as they were in a car chase with a large pickup truck across a rural bridge. While the unseen driver of the pickup truck chases them in reverse, another man called Bubba (the killer from the first movie, also known as Leatherface as his nickname, which is revealed in this sequel) jumps out and turns on his large six-foot long chainsaw and destroys their vehicle and chops off the top of the head of the teenager driving the car. The other teen, left in the car with out any control over the stearing wheel at the time dies on impact when the car collides off the bridge. Stretch listens on the other line in a pure state of shock along with her co-worker, L.G., are left to wonder after the call what happened out there that night.The next day, local police officers clean up the scene of the crime along with Lefty Enright, an ex-State Trooper or Texas Ranger (the name of Texas State Troopers) now a Lieutenant Detective of a local precinct after most possibly being an official of the Texas State Police for about 40 years. When his commanding officer arrives, Lefty, now affected very very deeply of the loss of his nephew and the condition of his niece (possibly because he is very lonely due to his mental health since he is seen as a nut by his peers) starts to consult with him about how there is very definitely a cannibal family residing in Texas killing people and that how he would make a mistake if not being able to take the case. His superior officer tells Lefty that he will not be included in the investigation as Lefty leaves the crime scene.However, Lefty didn't take his commanding officer's order seriously and put up an ad in a newspaper advertising where he lives in case anyone has any information about the cannibalistic serial killers. Stretch as affected by those people visits Lefty in his apartment telling him that when the kids called her that night, she recorded it on tape and what she could do.After visiting Lefty, Stretch goes to a Chili Cook-Off with L.G. and watched the judges determine the winner in their best-tasting chili contest segment of the festival who evidently turned out to be no one, but Drayton Sawyer (Leatherface's older brother, who was the former owner of the service station in the first one, but now owns a kind-off a meals on wheels or in this case meats-on-wheels kind of food processer who decided to abandon the service station during the manhunt of 1973).After speaking with Stretch, Lefty vowing revenge ever since his family hit the dust, goes to a small hardware store where he purchases three large chainsaws costing hundreds of dollars. Now looking like a soldier, Lefty believes that those people should know how it feels like to be cut up in to pieces!!!Meeting back up with Stretch, Lefty tells her that a great and effective tactic to use on these people would be to play the tape she recorded of their two last victums' grisly and gruesome murder over the radio luring the killers to the radio station for retaliation for screwing up their business. Stretch took Lefty's advice and did so. Meanwhile, Drayton Sawyer, driving in his meals-on-wheels truck, hears the broadcast which angers him and he immediately makes a call from the phone in his truck to someone.Back at the radio station as night begins to fall, Strech is confronted by an obnoxious yet strange looking freak who is so-called Chop Top (another one of Leatherface's brothers who was in the Vietnam War during the first installment and is currently Leatherface's assistant in his killing spree and carries his brother, the Hitchiker, around who was ran over by a semi in the first movie who weared a metal plate in his head until his death that occurred 12 years before, giving him the nickname Plate-Head as well). Chop Top asks Strech at where she got the tape of the broadcast in which she refuses to answer him. Just then, Leatherface appears and attemps to kill her with his huge chainsaw with its six-foot long blade. Leatherface accidently hits Chop Top on his head with his chainsaw, exposing his large metal plate, but Chop Top is more or less uninjured. Stretch manages to briefly subdue Leatherface by spraying him with a fire exinquisher and then locks herself up in her office which has a steel door so that Leatherface cannot saw through the door. But instead Leatherface bursts through a wooden wall and confronts her. Stretch survives after Leatherface ends up looking at her at one point right before he was about to split her up and develops a crush on her and lets her live. Just then, L.G. arrives back at the station where Chop Top attacks him and beats him to death with a hammer. Leatherface then appears and lies by jesturing to Chop Top that he killed Stretch and destroyed the audio tape of their latest killing of the two teenagers on the bridge.The two insane killers then take L.G.'s dead body with them as they leave the radio station and drive away in Chop Top's pickup truck (the same truck involved in the two opening killings). Stretch follows them to their new home, the rundown and abandoned amusement park, called the Texas Battlelands Amusement Park, which is big enough to store the numerous remains of their many victims in as well. However, Lefty also is following Stretch as she pulled out of the radio station parking lot and followes her in his car to the deserted amuesment park. As he finally caught up with her, sort of, she falls through a hole in the middle of the ground filled with skulls and grisly remains of the family's previous victums. Lefty, absoulty furious and drowning in very very deep rage and emotions, takes a belt out of his car able to hold the two other chainsaws he purchased before in as he carries the biggest one he bought along with him as he cuts down the boundries around the park as he makes his way through the cave-like formations in the place where the family is residing and Stretch is trapped in as well.Meanwhile, Stretch is confronted by Leatherface in the slaughter room as he harrasses her and ties her up. Leatherface then tries to show his affection to her by gorily skinning L.G. and placing the skin of his face over hers. But then Leatherface is called out of the room by Drayton for some assistance. Just then L.G., who actually wasn't dead, revives and Stretch asks him to take the knife Leatherface used to skin him and set her free by cutting the ropes tying her together. After he does so, L.G. finally dies. Stretch takes off through the caves terrified and anxious to escape.In another section of the underground cave, the growing insane Lefty is freaked out just as well when he finds the skeleton of his wheelchair-bound departed nephew Franklin Hardesty-Enright who was murdered on August 18 1973 about 14 years ago and is now in display in his old wheelchair. Pure and filled completly with anger, hate, and maddness, Lefty makes his way through the caves in order to find destroy the Sawyer family.As Stretch makes her way out of the cave she ends up running back into Leatherface in which his brothers Drayton and Chop Top also appear to confront Stretch. When Chop Top tells Drayton that Leatherface earlier told him that she was dead, the now angry-than-ever Drayton goes crazy and for all seeing that Bubba was too much of a traitor to murder her. Unwilling to kill a person since he is only a cook, Drayton orders Leatherface to kill Stretch, but Leatherface refuses. Drayton angrily snatches the chainsaw away from Leatherface and walks away, ordering Leatherface to follow him back to the kitchen while he orders Chop Top to take care of Stretch for later which he responds by knocking her out with a hammer.Stretch wakes up a little later (with Lefty nowhere to be see) Sally-style, meaning that just like Sally Hardesty-Enright, she is bound to a chair in the family's new cavern-like dining room dinner table now surrounded the the entire Sawyer family which includes the 108-year-old Grandpa Grandad Sawyer, Bubba Leatherface Sawyer, Drayton Sawyer the cook, Edward Nubbins Sawyer's corpse (also known as the Hitchiker), and Robert Chop Top Sawyer all together for another family dinner.And like Sally, Stretch is presented to be the prize kill for Grandpa Sawyer and she almost gets killed by Grandpa with a blow to the head using a mallet. Suddenly, Lefty bursts through a wall in the dinning room and sees Stretch in their grasp. With Chop Top and Leatherface standing by to attack, Drayton has a conversation with Lefty who tells the cook that they took from him his niece Sally and his sanity and his poor deceased nephew Franklin. Drayton is unmoved and tells Lefty that he's just trying to run a business.Lefty then attacks wounds Drayton with his large chainsaw. Lefty then uses his chainsaw to free Stretch and tells to leave as he gives the cannibals exactly what they deserve (!) As the wounded Drayton crawls under the dinner table, he orders Leatherface to kill Lefty and orders Chop Top to go after Stretch to make sure she doesn't escape. Leatherface starts up his chainsaw and has a duel with Lefty in a Star Wars-like manner, but instead of lightsabers, with chainsaws (!)
Chop Top chases after Stretch as she runs through the cave passageways trying to find an exit.Back in the dining room, the duel with chainsaws reaches the climax as Lefty finally gets the upper hand against Leatherface and impales him with his chainsaw as they stand up on top of the dinner table. But Leatherface still will not go down that easily and he still holds his chainsaw after being slammed onto the dinner table as Lefty starts up his two other smaller chainsaws. Drayton continues hiding under the dinner table with the muffified body of the Hitchhiker which Drayton takes out a hand grenade that the Hitchhiker always had on him. Just then, the elderly Grandpa Sawyer stands up out of his chair and throws his mallet at Lefty who ducks and it hits Leatherface instead who drops his chainsaw on the table which hits Drayton underneath who drops the grenade. Lefty then screams a victory call right before the grenade goes off, apparently killing him the Sawyer family and destroying everything in it's path. Lefty's anger and agony he had for a long period of rough times is over (!)Meanwhile, Stretch has escaped the blast and is still being chased by Chop Top which she finds a skylight and makes it outside into the light of day where she finds herself inside the closed amusement park and standing before a large artificial hill. Chop Top continues to chase after her, but she kicks him off a ledge on the hill and continues climbing up the hill. However, once close to freedom, she encounters the muffified remains of Grandma Sawyer in a santuary at the top of the amusement park hill (!)The remains of Grandma apparently has a small chainsaw lodged in her hands and Stretch desperately tries to remove it to defend herself against Chop Top who climbs back up the ledge he fell off of. But Stretch has difficulty starting up the old chainsaw in which Chop Top attacks her with a straight razor cutting her several times on her back, neck, sholders and back of her head (similar to what the Hitchhiker was doing to Sally just before he got run over by a semi-trailer in the first movie). Just as he is about to kill her, Stretch finally starts up the chainsaw and impails him with it. The fataly wounded Chop Top then falls back off the ledge, hits the ground and falls back into the hole leading back into the underground cave where he chased her out of.The eerieness continues as Stretch looses her sanity at that moment, swinging the chainsaw around in the manner in a victory dance atop the hill similar to what Leatherface did as well in the ending of the first movie. The final shots shows the insane Stretch swinging the chainsaw and screaming in reaction to the hell she had been through.
tags: dark,  comedy,  gothic,  murder,  boring,  suspenseful,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  absurd,  humor,  satire,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sadist,  prank, 

title: Paranormal Activity 3
synopsis: A video images shows a pregnant Kristi (Sprague Grayden) and Daniel (Billy Boland) are painting their nursery in anticipation of the arrival of their first son, Hunter. Kristi's sister, Katie (Katie Featherston), arrives to congratulate them and asks if she can drop off a few boxes she was left by their grandmother when she passed away. She leaves them boxes full of VHS tapes that were filmed when they were children. As she leaves, Daniel teases her about her relationship with her boyfriend Micah since they are moving in together.One Year Later.The house is a mess and Daniel is trying to document all the damage and any items that might have been stolen and goes down into the basement. While in the basement, the only thing he notices to be missing is the box of tapes that Katie left them.On a videotape image, it's Katie's birthday, and there's a party. The year is 1988 as identified by the caption on the video image. Dennis (Christopher Nicholas Smith), the camera man, is a wedding videographer and has been dating Katie and Kristi's mother, Julie (Lauren Bittner), for the last few months. He records Kristi talking to herself by a little soccer net that they have set up, and he asks Julie to bring her over so that they can sing happy birthday to Katie. Kristi continues talking to her imaginary friend, Toby despite the insistence of her mother to play with the other children. Dennis films a video entry from each family member. Julie shows off Katie's cake while Julie's mother tells Katie that when she was born she laughed and cried. Dennis films himself thanking Katie for being so welcoming and despite the fact that he isn't her father, he loves her very much.That night, Julie rolls a joint and Dennis decides it will be fun to record it. Despite the fact she wants to keep her kids from seeing it, Dennis convinces her to let him keep the camera on. Eventually, he convinces her that they should make a sex tape. However, at that moment an earthquake occurs and the couple runs to find the girls. Dust falls around the bedroom and outlines around the shape of something in front of the bed. It is there for a minute before the dust collapses. The outline is gone.The next morning, Dennis is going over the footage and asks Julie to confirm what he's just seen. She asks him to delete the video, but he tells her that he needs to document this because hes certain that something was there. He recruits his friend Randy, a tech expert, to help him set up cameras around the house to catch whatever is happening.That night, Dennis sets up a camera in both bedrooms to catch some paranormal activity. Kristi wakes up in the middle of the night and walks towards the cupboard, which can be heard creaking open. She starts talking about Dennis describing him as nice. The next morning, Dennis asks her about the conversation, and she tells him that what she and Toby talk about is secret because she wants to stay safe. Dennis asks if Toby is threatening her, but she just says that she just wants to stay safe.Dennis and Randy are discussing the camera equipment when Julie interupts them and asks how they are doing. After she leaves Dennis hears a noise. Randy hears it as well so they go to check it out. They end up in front of Dennis' closet. Dennis opens it, and out jumps Julie, wearing a witch mask. Dennis freaks out and has to sit down to calm himself while Randy and Julie laugh uncontrollably.The girls are sleeping outside in a tent. Dennis checks on the girls to see how they are doing and brings them some snacks. Later Julie hears noises going on in the girls' bedroom so she assumes that the girls came back into the house. Dennis goes to check on them, but Julie then starts hearing noises from her bathroom. She starts walking towards the bathroom and the door to her bedroom starts to close slowly until it bursts open and Dennis can't find the girls in their room. They go down and try to get to the girls outside, but the door is locked. They unlock it and bring the girls inside. The next morning Dennis asks Katie, who is jumping on a trampoline, if she had snicked into the house last night. She says no.Julie's mother expresses her disapproval of Dennis to Julie, citing his lack of affluence and wealth as a major area of concern as she wants her daughter to be financially secure. She asks Julie if shell ever have another child but Julie says she's fine with two beautiful girls. Julie's mother reminds her that she always wanted to have a large family and says that she shouldn't stop until she has a son.Julie is outside with Katie, who is learning to roller blade. Randy is unloading his equipment and telling Dennis that he believes in ghosts, and that he might be missing most of the activity since it happens mostly at night. They discuss camera placement throughout the house. Dennis is showing Randy his oscillating fan idea for the camera. Dennis sets the oscillating camera up in the kitchen so that it can look into the dining room as well.That night Kristi is seen running through the hall into the dining room where she positions a chair so that she can climb onto the table. The camera moves into the kitchen, when it returns to the dining room Kristi is gone. Kristi is seen sneaking up to her parent's room where she looks in, leaves and is seen again just through the door way. She is looking at something down the hall when she snickers and runs out of frame again. She is giggling as she runs back to her room. Katie is up and asks what Kristi is doing. She replies nothing and is told to go back to bed.The next morning Julie finds Kristi in her room painting. She asks if Toby woke her up and told her to go downstairs to which Kristi replies no. Julie tells Kristi that she can tell her the truth, but Kristi tells her that Toby doesn't want her talking about it. Kristi then tells Julie to ask him herself since he's standing right next to her. Julie looks around and says she doesn't see him. Kristi replies he's there.Randy checks out a few books on entities and demons so that he and Dennis know what they are dealing with. Randy discovers that witches covens would make deals with demons and use young girls as the vessels through which young boys would be born. The children would then be brainwashed in order to do the demon's bidding. They find a photograph of a coven from the 1930s, each with a distinct insignia of an upside down triangle within a circle.Julie wakes up for a midnight snack. She tosses the remnants into the garbage disposal but drops a spoon into the disposal unit. The light in the next room turns on by itself as Julie sticks her hand into the disposal unit and suddenly screams. The light has fallen with a crash and startled her. Everyone is woken up by the sound. Julie and Dennis tell the girls to stay upstairs and discuss what happened.Dennis asks Kristi if he can join her tea party. He sets the camera down and goes to sit down next to Kristi. She tells him not to sit there because it's Toby's spot. He apologizes and sits down across from her. Dennis asks what the last thing Toby said to her and Kristi replies secrets. Kristi moves her cup and accidentally touches Toby and quickly apologizes. Dennis asks why she is apologizing and Kristi explains that Toby doesn't like being touched. Dennis mockingly apologizes for her, explaining that it was an accident. He leaves the camera to record more of Kristi and Toby talking. Katie returns and starts making fun of Kristi, calling her a baby. She goes into the cupboard, which Kristi says is Toby's room, and the invisible demon slams the door shut and refuses to let Katie out. Katie starts screaming, but Kristi just says, I told you not to go in there. Julie arrives and Katie bursts out of the cupboard screaming that Kristi locked her in.Julie and Dennis decide to go out for the night and hire a babysitter to look after the girls. The babysitter plays around with them and jumps in front of the camera in the kitchen to scare Dennis before dressing up like a ghost and fooling around with the girls. After the girls are in bed, she goes downstairs to study. Someone comes downstairs with a blanket draped over themselves and stands behind the babysitter creepily. Before she turns around, the blanket collapses, empty. She is confused and brings the blanket upstairs when the invisible demon blows on her and scares her so that she stays downstairs the rest of the night. When the couple returns, the babysitter leaves immediately, obviously scared.The next morning Randy and Dennis are reviewing the tapes and see the footage of the person in the sheet, and the babysitter being blown on. They are both astonished by the footage, Randy asks if he told Julie yet. Dennis says no in fear that she'll make him take down the cameras. Randy tells him to keep filming.Kristi wakes up in the middle of the night and stands in the doorway of her parents room for a couple of hours. When she returns to her room she is seen talking to Toby and says No, no, I don't want to talk to you anymore. I'm going to bed. Dennis goes to investigate the cupboard, he finds scribblings all over the wall. Dennis comes down stairs and sees Julie in the living room with Kristi. Julie says she is incredibly sick and that they need to take her to the hospital. Dennis and Julie take her to the hospital and Katie is left with Randy to look after her. She bullies him into playing Bloody Mary with her, and they do it twice. The second time, the demon scratches Randy across the stomach and begins overtly terrorizing them. Blurring shadows can be seen passing by the door. After Katie closes the door, the door starts to rattle. The demon starts slamming things outside the door which scares them. Randy tries to calm down Katie. Randy opens the door and sees stuff thrown in front of him, so he closes the door again and again tries to calm down Katie. Randy exits the bathroom to survey the room, to find that the demon has gone. He picks up the room and tells Katie that he won't tell her mom. When Dennis returns home, Randy packs up all his equipment and leaves because it's too much for him.Dennis is at his desk reviewing the footage Randy told him to watch of the incident. Dennis is seen looking through a book and setting aside a picture. He tells Julie about the happenings and shows her a picture from the 30's and points out the symbol that looks like the one in the girl's cupboard. Kristi and Katie are running up to their room when Katie hits an invisible wall, and stares up like she's looking at someone. Julie and Dennis are arguing downstairs. Dennis tells Julie about the rituals that witches performed. Toby grabs Katie by the hair and yanks her off the ground. Dennis tells Julie to look at the tapes but she refuses. They continue to argue until Katie comes into the room crying. She tells them that Toby attacked her. Julie is mad and tells Dennis that the experiment is over.Dennis is at his desk editing some tapes. Meanwhile the water is turned on in Julie's room as she sleeps. The sound of a door creaking open can be heard. Katie's bed sheets start moving, slowly growing in size over her until they fall down, waking her up. Things begin to move inside the room. The girls' teddy bear falls down, and Katie wakes Kristi up. Their Lite Bright turns on and is displaying the sign of the Witches Coven. Katie asks what's happening to which Kristi replies Toby's here. More things start to move and Katie gets scared as she calls out for her mom. Kristi tells her to just ignore it. Suddenly, the cover is thrown at the camera, Katie tries to run downstairs when she is dragged across the room by an unseen force several times while she screams for Kristi to help her. Kristi screams at the demon to let her go, but it throws the bed around. Katie is dragged back into the cupboard until Kristi agrees to do what the demon asks. Katie is released and they both get into bed together.The next morning, the girls beg their mother to take them to their grandmother's house to get away from Toby. Julie is in the kitchen talking to her mom when someone knocks on the door. She goes to see who it is, when she comes back the kitchen is empty. Suddenly, all the utensils and furniture fall from the ceiling, scaring Julie out of the room.Dennis, Julie and the girls drive to Julie's mother's house. They eat apple pie when they arrive and Dennis sees Kristi fingering one of the paintings in the dining room. He tells her not to touch it because it might be expensive. As Kristi and Katie play outside, Dennis films Julie talking to her mother about what is happening. Kristi and Julie's mother play dress up, and Kristi puts on a wedding dress. When Dennis asks her who the lucky groom is, Kristi replies Toby. This freaks Dennis and Julie out, and they put the girls to bed early.Dennis and Julie are trying to get to sleep in separate beds when around 10PM she climbs into bed with him. Dennis hears something and wakes up Julie. She tells him it's her mother and that she's usually up because she can't sleep. The sounds get louder so Julie goes to see why her mother is being so loud. When she doesn't return, Dennis goes to find her. Julie's mother appears behind him for a moment, but he doesn't notice. He searches the house but can't find anyone. As he's searching for everyone, he hears something in the cage behind him. When he looks the bird is gone. He turns around and sees a silhouette of someone through a window. He checks to see who it was but no one is there. The pictures have all been set on the floor. Behind them are several witchcraft symbols, one of which is a pentagram. He goes out to the garage and finds a group of older women standing in a circle. He freaks out, running back into the main house and locking the door behind him. The women are seen walking towards him intently.He runs around the house calling for the girls and finds Julie at the top of the stairs. Something is odd though as her expression is blank and she appears taller. He sees that she is levitating before she is thrown at him at full force and they fall down the stairs together. Julie is dead, and Dennis hears the whimpering Kristi who is in the dining room. He grabs Kristi and they run and hide in the closet for a few moments. Footsteps and the sound of slamming objects are heard outside the door. Dennis tells her that they need to find Katie. They walk through the house to find a way out but see a bonfire outside. They see Katie by the steps crying over the body of Julie.Dennis tells Kristi to stay by the wall when he goes over. Katie turns around possessed and throws him across the room, breaking both of his legs. When he starts to crawl back into view, Julie's mother walks in front of him. The demon slams him down onto the ground as he tries to rise, then grabs him by his arms and legs and breaks his spine, contorting his body into unnatural shapes before letting him go. Julie's mother holds out her hand as Katie grabs it. They head up the staircase, and Kristi cheerfully calls out, C'mon, Toby! Julie's mother says Let's get ready. We hear a faint animal growling sound before the camera goes black.
tags: paranormal,  horror,  cult,  boring, 

title: House of Usher
synopsis: Philip Winthrop (Mark Damon) travels to the House of Usher, a desolate mansion surrounded by a murky swamp, to meet his fiancée Madeline Usher (Myrna Fahey). Madeline's brother Roderick (Vincent Price) opposes Philip's intentions, telling the young man that the Usher family is afflicted by a cursed bloodline which has driven all their ancestors to madness. Roderick foresees the family evils being propagated into future generations with a marriage to Madeline and vehemently discourages the union. Philip becomes increasingly desperate to take Madeline away; she agrees to leave with him, desperate to get away from her brother.
During a heated argument with her brother, Madeline suddenly dies and is laid to rest in the family crypt beneath the house. As Philip is preparing to leave following the entombment, the butler, Bristol (Harry Ellerbe), lets slip that Madeline suffered from catalepsy, a condition which can make its sufferers appear dead.
Philip rips open Madeline's coffin and finds it empty. He desperately searches for her in the winding passages of the crypt but she eludes him and confronts her brother. Now completely insane, Madeline avenges herself upon the brother who knowingly buried her alive. Both die as a fire breaks out, ending the Usher bloodline, and Philip escapes and watches the burning house sink into the swampy land surrounding it. The film ends with the final words of Poe: ...and the deep and dank tarn closed sullenly and silently over the fragments of the 'House of Usher'.
tags: insanity,  revenge,  cult,  gothic,  horror, 

title: Hostel: Part III
synopsis: A young stranger, named Travis, is seen going into a hotel room where a European couple, Victor and Anka, are currently staying. The couple offers Travis a drink of Vodka, but he declines and says he brought beer, enough for everyone. The three have a beer and Anka goes off to take a shower. Victor goes off to ask her a question when he finds her unconscious. Victor then calls for Travis's help. Travis walks in nonchalantly, and just stares at the couple, which reveals him to be not so innocent. Victor soon passes out from being drugged by the beer Travis gave him. Victor awakens in a cell in an abandoned building in the middle of nowhere. Two guards walk in and take Anka out of her cell.Meanwhile, Scott and his fiancee, Amy, are out in front of their home, and Carter, Scott's friend pulls up. The three chat a while and Scott leaves Amy to go with Carter to Las Vegas for Scott's bachelor party. Once in Vegas, Scott and Carter meet up with Mike and Justin, two of their buddies. The four go to a casino, where they end up meeting Kendra and Nikki, two escorts Carter had secretly paid to have sex with Scott. Kendra and Nikki tell the four men about a freaky party they could go to. The guys agree on going.The four guys take a taxi to an apparently abandoned building off the main strip. Confused, the guys knock on the door and are invited in by a bouncer. Once at the party, Kendra makes a move on Scott, but he denies her, and tells her about how he was previously unfaithful with Amy and almost lost her, and that he doesn't want it to happen again. Mike and Nikki walk in and kick out Kendra and Scott. Scott walks out of the party and passes out outside.Scott awakens in the morning in his hotel room with Carter and Justin. The three wonder where Mike is, and try calling his phone, but get his voice mail. They shake it off and assume he'll show up later.Meanwhile, Mike awakens in a cell of his own and starts freaking out. The two guards from before take Mike away and put him into a room. There is a glass screen separating him and several well-dressed people who are making bets on a game called 'Wheel of Misfortune' to how he will die. This group is part of the secret society, Elite Hunting Club, that abducts people and kills them for their twisted amusement. A middle-aged doctor comes into the room and cuts Mike's face off, killing him.That evening, Scott, Carter, and Justin are getting more worried having not heard anything from Mike, so they travel to Nikki's trailer. Scott and Carter break in while Justin waits outside. They look for Nikki and Mike, but they don't find anyone in Nikki's trailer. They hear a noise outside, and while checking it out, two people burst through the front door and throw Justin down. One of the people is Kendra, Nikki's friend. Kendra questions the three guys about why they broke into Nikki's, and the guys explain. Kendra reveals Nikki is also missing.Meanwhile, Nikki awakens and is dressed up in a cheerleading outfit. She is strapped onto a table in the same show room and a Hungarian-speaking client enters and teases her with a cockroach. He then sprays a chemical in and around her mouth that attracts cockroaches. He gets a jar full of cockroaches and dumps it on Nikki. All the cockroaches crawl into her mouth and suffocate her.After driving around, Scott, Carter, Justin, and Kendra get a text from Mike to meet him and Nikki in a hotel room. When they get there, everyone but Justin goes inside the room. When inside they get jumped by numerous men in black clothing and are gassed, and put in the back of a van. Justin hears the van and gets out to investigate. He ends up getting knocked out and put in the van by Travis.Scott, Carter, and Justin awake in individual cells along with Victor, the European man from the beginning. Kendra is still unconscious. The two guards take Justin away, and Carter reveals to the guards that he is a member of Elite Hunting Club by showing them his tattoo of a bloodhound dog which is the secret society's logo.Carter is brought to an office where he meets with Flemming, the European-accented leader of the Vegas branch of the murderous secret society. Flemming expresses a little disappointment to Carter for dragging his friends into this trap, because originally it was planned to only abduct Scott per Carter's request and the society only abducts people who will not be missed. However Flemming says, the two girls, Kendra and Nikki, that were accidentally taken to the facility (which is a huge abandoned factory surrounded by a barbed wire fence that sits on the outskirts of the city) will make up for the trouble. Carter assures Flemming that he will take care of the situation before any further mishaps occur. Flemming tells Carter that Justin has to become a collateral damage, and asks whether this will be a problem which has to be taken to the home office (implyed to be in Slovakia) and the heads of the society do not like problems. Carter says it isn't a problem.Justin gets strapped into a chair and a mist settles in the room with the members watching as usual. A woman client dressed in a costume comes out with a crossbow and shoots Justin multiple times, killing him while Carter, Travis, and another man, named Flemming, watch and place bets on the manner of death.Soon after, Scott gets taken into the room and is strapped into the chair. Carter comes in to the room, and Scott asks him why he's doing this. Carter reveals he wants Amy all for himself. Carter tells Scott about the secret society, Elite Hunting, and that this old building they are in is one of the many locations throughout the world (Slovakia, Macau, Hong Kong, Bangkok, Sao Paolo, and many others) where high paying clients can abduct and kill people as a form of 'torture-porn' for their own twisted enjoyment. Scott is shocked and doesn't know what to do. Carter tells Scott that once he kills him, he'll comfort Amy and she'll want to be with him. When Carter turns his back, Flemming orders Scott to be let go from the chair. Scott and Carter fight, and Scott ends up stabbing Carter multiple times. Scott breaks out of the room and runs away. Flemming tells Travis, his right hand man, to sound the alarm and lock down the facility.Back in the cell room, the Victor ends up killing one of the guards and gets the keys and frees himself. He kills another guard, but the guard simultaneously shoots Victor in the chest and kills him. Scott finds a cellphone and calls the police, and then frees Kendra. While running away, Kendra is shot by Travis. Scott and Travis fight, and Scott cuts his arm off and bludgeons Travis to death with Justin's crutch.Aware that the local police will be arriving, Flemming evacuates the building as the high-playing clients get into their limos and ride away, while he stays behind to set the building to explode (thus destroying the evidence and records about Elite Hunting) and attempts to drive away. However, Carter who is hiding in the back seat kills him and takes his car. Carter drives away from the building, but he sees Scott in his rearview mirror. Carter gets out and locks the front gate before Scott can get to him. Carter drives away while the building explodes with Scott still within the compound gates.Sometime later, Carter is comforting Amy, and she invites him to stay the night. He accepts. Amy goes to get champagne and when she returns, she tells Carter that Scott is still alive and suddenly stabs Carter in the hand with a corkscrew. A burned Scott comes behind Carter and drags him to the garage. Scott kills Carter with a huge electric gardening tool while Amy watches.
tags: murder,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Scream 2
synopsis: Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy) attend Windsor College in Ohio. While attending the preview of Stab, based on a book by Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) about the Woodsboro murders, Phil Stevens (Omar Epps) is stabbed through the wall of a bathroom cubicle. The killer sits next to Maureen Evans (Jada Pinkett), and she assumes the killer is her boyfriend wearing a mask. During the Casey Becker death scene the crowd goes wild. Taking advantage of this, the killer stabs Maureen. Since many of the movie-goers are wearing the killer's costume (as publicity material provided by the movie studio) and carrying fake knives, nobody takes Maureen's attack seriously. As the crowd realizes she's not faking, she dies. Sidney and other Woodsboro survivor Randy Meeks soon realize that a killer is on the loose again. Meanwhile, Deputy Dewey (David Arquette) arrives on the campus to once again protect Sidney, and she and Dewey have an unwelcome reunion with Gale Weathers.The killer attempts to stab Sidney while setting up a copycat ploy. Alone in her sorority house, Casey Cici Cooper (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is threatened over the phone before the killer attacks her. After the police discover the body, the students at the nearby martini mixer go to investigate, leaving Sidney and her boyfriend Derek at the Delta Lambda Zeta house. The killer attacks Sidney, but Derek helps her escape.At the police station, Gale and Dewey notice that the names of the victims seem to loosely match the victims from The Woodsboro Murders. The police chief assigns two detectives to protect Sidney. The group is outside amongst dozens of college students when the killer telephones and taunts them. Gale and Dewey search the students in the area who have cell phones, trying to discover the killer. Randy is also looking around while talking to the killer on the phone, hoping to stall them. While he is outside a van, Randy is pulled inside and killed. His body is discovered by Gale and Dewey.Gale and Dewey visit a lecture room to watch the video footage they have been taking, to perhaps gain a glimpse of the killer. Gale then notices another TV screen playing footage that her cameraman had not taken. The perspective of the video is that of the Killer; showing clips of Cici in the porch and Randy in the park. Finally, it shows the backs of Dewey and Gale as they watch the video. They turn around and notice Ghostface in the projector room and Dewey gives chase. Gale is then cornered in the sound-system room, but manages to hide in the recording compartment. Dewey enters and attempts to get Gale's attention through the soundproof glass, however he is stabbed a couple of times and Gale notices in horror as he slides down the glass, with Ghostface standing behind him. Gale then manages to bar the door from the killer with a fallen shelf and the killer disappears.The detectives protecting Sidney are attacked while their vehicle is stopped at a traffic light. The killer crashes the car, killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious. Sidney and her roommate, Hallie, narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat. Sidney decides to remove the killer's mask, but finds the killer gone. She turns around only to see Hallie being stabbed.Sidney runs to the school theater and is confronted by the killer. The killer reveals himself to be Mickey, her new boyfriend's best friend. Sidney finds Derek tied to a stage prop, and Mickey shoots Derek in the chest. Mickey also has a partner: Sidney turns around to see Gale coming out of the stage door, leading her to believe that Gale is the killer. Gale shakes her head no and Debbie Salt comes out, holding the other cop's gun. Sidney recognizes her as Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Sidney's previous boyfriend Billy. Mickey reveals that it was his plan to be caught for the murders so that he would become famous, immortalized by the media. He wanted to blame the killings on horror movies; the effects of cinema violence in society. He met Mrs. Loomis on a psycho website and she agreed to fund his college tuition in return for his part in the killings. She also helped Mickey place calls to the victims. Mrs. Loomis' motive for killing Sidney and her friends was revenge for Sidney killing her son. Sidney points out that if Mrs. Loomis had not abandoned Billy then he and Stu Macher would not have started their killing spree. Mrs. Loomis shoots Mickey, removing him as a potential threat and stating that his legal defense was absurd.As Mickey is shot he shoots Gale, causing her to fall off the stage. Sidney is cornered by Mrs. Loomis and tricks her into believing Mickey is alive; when Mrs. Loomis is distracted, Sidney hits her with a prop jar. Sidney barricades herself backstage and causes the front of the stage to collapse on Mrs. Loomis. Mrs. Loomis survives and gets Sidney in an armlock, but then Cotton, the man Sidney had blamed for killing her mother arrives and takes Mickey's gun. Mrs. Loomis tries to convince Cotton to let her kill Sidney, but Cotton shoots Mrs. Loomis. Sidney and Cotton discover that Gale is wounded but alive, and help her. Mickey jumps up, and Gale and Sidney shoot him. Sidney turns around and shoots Mrs. Loomis in the head just in case. It is revealed that Dewey survived his stabbing. He and Gale take an ambulance to the hospital. It turns out that Dewey's scar tissue from previously being stabbed in the back prevented this stabbing from being fatal. At the hospital, the news team arrives and tries to get a story on Sidney. Despite Sidney being the heroine, she tells them Cotton is the man to interview. The news team goes to him, after Cotton tells them there is a time a place and a price for an interview, he says, it'll make one hell of a movie. Sidney walks off the campus, having survived the murders.
tags: comedy,  mystery,  suspenseful,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  good versus evil,  insanity,  satire,  romantic,  revenge,  sadist,  prank, 

title: Stoker
synopsis: On her 18th birthday, India Stoker (Mia Wasikowska)—a girl with a strong acuteness of the senses—has her life turned upside down after her loving father Richard (Dermot Mulroney) dies in a horrific car accident. India is then left with her unstable mother Evelyn (Nicole Kidman). At Richard's funeral, Evelyn and India are introduced to Richard's charming and charismatic brother Charlie (Matthew Goode), who has spent his life traveling the world. He then announces that he is staying indefinitely to help support India and Evelyn, much to Evelyn's delight and India's chagrin.
Shortly after Charlie moves in, India witnesses him argue with Mrs. McGarrick (Phyllis Somerville), the head caretaker of the house. Mrs. McGarrick then disappears. Charlie and Evelyn grow closer and intimate while India continues to rebuff Charlie's attempts to befriend her. Later, India's great aunt Gwendolyn (Jacki Weaver) arrives to visit the family, much to Evelyn and Charlie's dismay. At dinner, Gwendolyn shows surprise at Charlie's claims of traveling the world and tells Evelyn that she needs to talk to her about Charlie.
Gwendolyn ends up changing hotels due to an unexplained fear and suspicion of Charlie. However, she loses her cell phone and tries to call the Stokers' home from her hotel payphone. While she is making her call, Charlie tracks her down and corners her in the phone booth, seeming to be upset. Explaining that he found her through the cab company, he hands Gwendolyn her phone and then strangles her to death with his belt. Meanwhile, India goes into the basement to eat ice cream and discovers Mrs. McGarrick's body in the freezer. She realizes Charlie is a murderer.
Later, India unleashes her inner aggression at school and stabs a bully, Chris Pitts (Lucas Till), in the hand with a pencil after he tries to land a surprise punch to her head. This draws the attention of another classmate, Whip Taylor (Alden Ehrenreich). India goes home and later witnesses Evelyn and Charlie growing intimate and wanders off to a local diner where she runs into Whip. She and Whip go into the woods where they proceed to make out until India aggressively bites Whip. Whip then attempts to rape India until Charlie intervenes, and breaks Whip's neck with his belt. India then aids Charlie in burying the body in her garden. She then attempts to call Gwendolyn, but hears her phone ring deep in the garden, realizing Charlie killed her, too. India takes a shower and masturbates to the memory of the murder, climaxing as she remembers Charlie breaking Whip's neck.
While going through Richard's office to gather things of his she wants to keep, India discovers that a key she received as a birthday present belongs to a locked drawer to Richard's desk. Inside, she finds dozens of letters Charlie wrote to her over the years, which detail his travels and express his love for his niece, although they have never met. However, India discovers that the sending address on the back of the envelopes is from a mental institution. India then confronts Charlie, who explains the truth: Charlie murdered his and Richard's younger brother Jonathan as a child because he was jealous that Richard paid more attention to him. Charlie was then put in a mental institution. When released on India's 18th birthday, Richard gave Charlie a car, a generous amount of money, and an apartment in New York City on the condition that he stay away from Richard's family. Feeling hurt and betrayed, Charlie beat Richard to death with a rock and staged the car accident.
At first, India is in shock and angered. However, she seemingly forgives Charlie and grows closer after he provides an alibi for her when Sheriff Howard (Ralph Brown) questions her about Whip's disappearance. They grow close to intimate before Evelyn witnesses them. Later that evening, Evelyn coldly expresses her desire to watch India suffer before confronting Charlie, implying that she knows the truth about Richard's death. Charlie seduces Evelyn and then attempts to strangle her before India appears and fatally shoots Charlie with a rifle. She then buries Charlie's body in the backyard and proceeds to leave for New York in his car.
She is shortly pulled over for speeding by Sheriff Howard, who then asks her why she's in a hurry. India replies that she wanted to catch his attention, then plunges a pair of pruning shears into his neck. India pursues the wounded sheriff into a field to dispatch him with her rifle.
tags: dark,  mystery,  psychological,  murder,  horror,  flashback, 

title: One Hour Photo
synopsis: Seymour Sy Parrish (Robin Williams), a mini-lab photo technician at SavMart's one-hour photo developing clinic in suburban Los Angeles, leads a depressing, solitary life outside of the heaven-like, hyperreality atmosphere of the department store. Every day he labors to ensure his customers get the best quality photos possible; his life is truly his work, as he has no one and nothing to go home to at the end of each day. As each workday comes to an end, Sy falls into the inescapable routine of spending his evenings sitting alone in his barren living room, watching television. The only thing in Sy's immaculate apartment he has for companionship is a hamster, caged in his bedroom. He is an extremely organized, tidy, and meticulous type of person who wears all beige attire. Feeling out of place in a world where nobody seems to understand the precious gift of friends and family, Sy tends to immerse himself in his own fantasies to escape the pain of his existence.His favorite customers are the Yorkin family, made up of husband Will (Michael Vartan), wife Nina (Connie Nielsen), and their son, Jake (Dylan Smith). He has done their photos for years and, over time, has developed an obsession with the family; he idolizes their happiness and affluence, memorizes every personal detail about them that he can learn, and finally begins to stalk them. Sy secretly makes his own copies of the Yorkins' photos from the film negatives and then puts them on a wall in his apartment, a massive collage which has accumulated to over 600 in count. Most of all, he fantasizes about being a member of their family and sharing in the love he assumes they must feel. However, he is painfully shy and his awkward attempts to become closer to the family are gently rebuffed.Sy eventually manages to spark a connection to Nina when he pretends to have interest in a novel he noticed she had been reading on a particular day in the store. For the first time, Nina asks Sy personal questions about his life, realizing that he is indeed a lonely man, something only Jake had empathetically noticed earlier. This connection is short-lived, however, as Sy's boss, Mr. Owens, fires him the next day for stealing prints. While inspecting his photos for the last time, Sy discovers that Will is having an affair and his idyllic conception of the Yorkins as the 'perfect' family is shattered. He comes to hate and envy Will, who has everything Sy longs for, yet doesn't seem to care.After losing his job, Sy stalks and takes pictures of Owens' young daughter, leading to a police investigation against him. While detectives Van Der Zee and Outerbridge (Eriq La Salle and Clark Gregg) are discovering Sy's obsession, Sy confronts Will and his mistress, Maya (Erin Daniels), during a rendezvous in their hotel room. With a knife and a camera, Sy forces the lovers to pose naked while he takes pictures. Throughout the ordeal, Maya panics and Sy reacts aggressively, but does not harm either of them. After the confrontation, as Sy just sits on the bed in his hotel room, he discovers that the police have arrived in the hotel and tries to escape. The alarm sounds and Van Der Zee pursues him while Outerbridge discovers Will Yorkin and his mistress, unharmed but traumatized. After a chase, the police finally apprehend Sy in the parking garage as he attempts to make a break for his car. Upon being arrested. Sy claims, I just took pictures.The final scene is set in a police interrogation room where Van Der Zee asks Sy why he terrorized the Yorkins, to which Sy indirectly reveals that his father had made him do sick, disgusting things that no kid should ever have to do. The implication, confirmed by Romanek, is that Sy's father exploited him for child pornography. Romanek has also confirmed that Sy had used the camera as a means of both punishing Will and confronting his past, as his father used to tell him it's all just pretend while abusing him. Sy cannot understand why Will, as the perfect father, was determined to destroy his family, and thus permanently ended the fantasy he has held for nearly 10 years.As the detective comes to understand him and prepares to take his confession, Sy asks for the pictures he made at the hotel, which the detective has described as evidence. They appear to be only shots of household objects and interior furnishings he took after the incident in the hotel. This implies that Sy never took any pictures of Will and Maya, but only pretended to. However, in the earlier Director's cut version, we see additional deleted scenes in which the police analyze the actual crime scene photos that Sy had taken of Will and Maya.The film closes with a picture of the Yorkin family with Sy. Romanek claims in the DVD commentary that the picture is intended to symbolize an open ending; it is left up to the viewer to decide whether the picture only exists in Sy's mind or if he ever sees the Yorkin family again.
tags: dark,  psychological,  suspenseful,  murder,  boring,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  revenge, 

title: Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers
synopsis: On October 31, 1989, Michael Myers and his niece Jamie Lloyd (Danielle Harris) have been abducted by a mysterious stranger in black at the Haddonfield Police Station. Six years later, teenage Jamie (J. C. Brandy) has been impregnated and her baby is born on Halloween Eve. The baby is taken away by the Man in Black who appears to be the leader of a Druid-like cult. Later, a midwife (Susan Swift) helps Jamie escape with her baby and is soon killed by Michael (George P. Wilbur). Jamie and her baby flee in a stolen pickup. Stopping briefly at a deserted bus station, Jamie makes a call to a Haddonfield radio station to warn them that Michael is about to return home, only to be ignored by the radio D.J. Barry Simms (Leo Geter) who is doing a broadcast on the Haddonfield murders.Meanwhile, a frail Dr. Loomis (Donald Pleasence), now retired and recovering from a stroke, is visited by his friend Dr. Terence Wynn (Mitch Ryan), the chief administrator of Smith's Grove Sanitarium where Michael had been incarcerated as a boy, who asks Loomis to return to Smith's Grove. During their conversation they overhear Jamie's plea for help on a local radio station. Later, Jamie drives back on the road followed by Michael, who causes her to crash into an old barn. Michael kills Jamie by impaling her on a corn thresher, but finds that Jamie's baby is not in the truck.Back in Haddonfield, Tommy Doyle (Paul Rudd), whom Laurie Strode babysat in the first film, now lives in a boarding house run by Mrs. Blankenship (Janice Knickrehm), a mysterious old woman. The family living in the Myers house across the street are relatives of the Strode family: Kara Strode (Marianne Hagan), her six-year-old son Danny (Devin Gardner), her teenage brother, Tim (Keith Bogart), caring mother Debra (Kim Darby) and abusive father John (Bradford English). Ever since seeing Michael Myers as a child, Tommy has been obsessed with finding the truth behind his motives. He finds Jamie's baby at the bus station, takes him into his care and names him Stephen. Tommy runs into Dr. Loomis and tells him that the Strode family living in the Myers house. The two believe Michael has returned to Haddonfield.After Dr. Loomis tells her that she is living in Michael's home, Debra calls John to tell him she wants to leave Haddonfield but is killed by Michael. Later, Kara returns home to find Danny in his room with Tommy, whom he had met while on his way home. The three go to the boarding house, where Tommy reveals that he believes Michael has been inflicted with the curse of Thorn by a Druid-inspired cult. Thorn is an ancient Druid symbol that represented a demon that spread sickness and caused destruction. To prevent this, one child from each tribe was chosen to bear the curse of Thorn to offer a blood sacrifice of its next of kin on the night of Samhain (Halloween). When the corresponding Thorn constellation appears, Michael appears. The curse explains why Michael is out to kill his family and also accounts for his superhuman abilities. Tommy believes that Steven will be Michael's final sacrifice.While Tommy goes out to look for Dr. Loomis at a party at the Haddonfield Junior College, Mrs. Blankenship reveals to Kara that she was babysitting Michael the night he killed his sister, and that Danny hears the voice (from the Man in Black) telling him to kill just like Michael did, indicating that Danny also possesses the power of Thorn. Meanwhile, Michael kills John and Tim Strode, Tim's girlfriend Beth (Mariah O'Brien), and Barry Simms. After Tommy returns home with Dr. Loomis, the Man in Black finally reveals himself to be Dr. Wynn. The Cult of Thorn take Kara, Danny, Steven, and Michael to Smith's Grove. There, Loomis confronts Dr. Wynn who credits Loomis for first recognizing the evil power of Thorn inside Michael, which Wynn wants to control and study, and that Jamie's baby represents the dawn of a new age. Loomis is then knocked unconscious by a staff member.Tommy finds Kara locked in a room in the maximum security ward and frees her. In one of the main hallways, they see Wynn and a team of scientists walk into an operating room to perform an unknown procedure. Tommy and Kara sneak into the adjoining room where they find Danny and Steven. Michael, angry at being exploited by Wynn and his staff, walks into the operating room with a surgical machete and murders them all. Tommy, Kara, and the kids run with Michael in hot pursuit, and hide in a high-tech laboratory. Inside the lab, Kara notices tanks containing human fetuses with a chart of runes and scientific letter codes connected together by the Thorn symbol, suggesting that the cult of scientists have been exploiting the evil power of Thorn for the benefit of medical science. It is implied that they have been trying to clone pure evil using the desired genes that Michael possess by impregnating their female patients to replicate Thorn in its most powerful form. Steven is the result of this experiment tested on Jamie.Michael breaks into the room. Tommy injects him with a corrosive liquid and beats him into unconsciousness with a lead pipe. As Dr. Loomis, Tommy, Kara, Danny, and Steven are about to escape, Loomis tells them to go on without him because he has a little business to attend to. Back inside the building, Michael's mask is found lying on the floor of the lab room as the screams of Dr. Loomis can be heard in the background, leaving his fate ambiguous.
tags: insanity,  cult,  horror,  murder,  violence, 

title: Bride of Frankenstein
synopsis: On a stormy night, Percy Bysshe Shelley (Douglas Walton) and Lord Byron (Gavin Gordon) praise Mary Shelley (Elsa Lanchester) for her story of Frankenstein and his Monster. Reminding them that her intention was to impart a moral lesson, Mary says she has more of the story to tell. The scene shifts to the end of the 1931 Frankenstein.
Villagers gathered around the burning windmill cheer the apparent death of the Monster (Boris Karloff, credited as Karloff). Their joy is tempered by the realization that Henry Frankenstein (Colin Clive) is also apparently dead. Hans (Reginald Barlow), father of the girl the creature drowned in the previous film, wants to see the Monster's bones. He falls into a flooded pit underneath the mill, where the Monster – having survived the fire – strangles him. Hauling himself from the pit, the Monster casts Hans' wife (Mary Gordon) into it to her death. He next encounters Minnie (Una O'Connor), who flees in terror.
Henry's body is returned to his fiancée Elizabeth (Valerie Hobson) at his ancestral castle home. Minnie arrives to sound the alarm about the Monster, but her warning goes unheeded. Elizabeth, seeing Henry move, realizes he is still alive. Nursed back to health by Elizabeth, Henry has renounced his creation, but still believes he may be destined to unlock the secret of life and immortality. A hysterical Elizabeth cries that she sees death coming, foreshadowing the arrival of Henry's former mentor, Doctor Septimus Pretorius (Ernest Thesiger). In his rooms, Pretorius shows Henry several homunculi he has created, including a miniature queen, king, archbishop, devil, ballerina, and mermaid. Pretorius wishes to work with Henry to create a mate for the Monster and offers a toast to their venture: To a new world of gods and monsters! Upon forcing Henry to help him, Pretorius will grow an artificial brain while Henry gathers the parts for the mate.
The Monster saves a young shepherdess (Anne Darling) from drowning. Her screams upon seeing him alert two hunters, who shoot and injure the creature. The hunters raise a mob that sets out in pursuit. Captured and trussed to a pole, the Monster is hauled to a dungeon and chained. Left alone, he breaks his chains, kills the guards and escapes into the woods.
That night, the Monster encounters a gypsy family and burns his hand in their campfire. Following the sound of a violin playing Ave Maria, the Monster encounters an old blind hermit (O. P. Heggie) who thanks God for sending him a friend. He teaches the monster words like friend and good and shares a meal with him. Two lost hunters stumble upon the cottage and recognize the Monster. He attacks them and accidentally burns down the cottage as the hunters lead the hermit away.
Taking refuge from another angry mob in a crypt, the Monster spies Pretorius and his cronies Karl (Dwight Frye) and Ludwig (Ted Billings) breaking open a grave. The henchmen depart as Pretorius stays to enjoy a light supper. The Monster approaches Pretorius, and learns that Pretorius plans to create a mate for him.
Henry and Elizabeth, now married, are visited by Pretorius. He is ready for Henry to do his part in their supreme collaboration. Henry refuses and Pretorius calls in the Monster who demands Henry's help. Henry again refuses and Pretorius orders the Monster out, secretly signaling him to kidnap Elizabeth. Pretorius guarantees her safe return upon Henry's participation. Henry returns to his tower laboratory where in spite of himself he grows excited over his work. After being assured of Elizabeth's safety, Henry completes the Bride's body.
A storm rages as final preparations are made to bring the Bride to life. Her bandage-wrapped body is raised through the roof. Lightning strikes a kite, sending electricity through the Bride. Henry and Pretorius lower her and realize their success. She's alive! Alive! Henry cries. They remove her bandages and help her to stand. The bride of Frankenstein! Doctor Pretorius declares.
The Monster comes down the steps after killing Karl on the rooftop and sees his mate (Elsa Lanchester). The excited Monster reaches out to her, asking, Friend? The Bride, screaming, rejects him. She hate me! Like others the Monster dejectedly says. As Elizabeth races to Henry's side, the Monster rampages through the laboratory. The Monster tells Henry and Elizabeth Yes! Go! You live! To Pretorius and the Bride, he says You stay. We belong dead. While Henry and Elizabeth flee, the Monster sheds a tear and pulls a lever to trigger the destruction of the laboratory and tower.
tags: horror,  comedy,  humor,  gothic, 

title: The Changeling
synopsis: John Russell (George C. Scott), a composer living in New York, New York, moves cross-country to Washington state following the deaths of his wife and daughter in a traffic accident while on a winter vacation in upstate New York. In suburban Seattle, John rents a large, old and eerie Victorian-era mansion and begins piecing his life back together.
However, John soon discovers that he has unexpected and unwelcome company in his new home. The presence makes its existence felt by various phenomena such as shattering windows, abruptly opening and shutting doors, and manifesting itself dramatically during a seance. John investigates the house and its previous tenants and finds that the mystery is linked to a powerful local family, the heir of which is a wealthy United States senator, Joseph Carmichael.
John subsequently discovers that the real Joseph Carmichael (who was born in 1900) was murdered in 1906 by his father, Richard. Joseph was a crippled, sickly child, and in the event of his death before his 21st birthday, the family fortune (which in 1905, he inherited from his late maternal grandfather) would pass to charity. Desperate to keep control of the fortune, Joseph's father drowned young Joseph in the bathtub, secretly replaced him with a healthy orphan, and took the orphan to Europe in the guise of seeking a treatment or cure. He returned several years later with the impostor, now grown and cured of his illness, and continued as if nothing had happened.
Now, the ghost of the real Joseph haunts the house, making great efforts to persuade John to investigate his murder, and give him some form of justice. John's investigation leads him to a property that was once owned by the Carmichael family, and after convincing Mrs. Gray (the owner of the property and whose daughter has seen Joseph's ghost), John discovers the skeletal remains of Joseph in a well underneath the house, as well as his birth medal.
After taking the medal without handing it over to the police, John attempts to speak to Senator Carmichael as he is about to depart by plane but is restrained by police. It is then revealed that the Senator has an identical medal to the one John found. The Senator then sends a detective, Captain DeWitt, to John's home in an attempt to retrieve the medal. John refuses, and when DeWitt leaves to obtain a search warrant, his vehicle mysteriously crashes, killing him.
After hearing of DeWitt's death, the Senator finally agrees to listen to John's story and meets with him. John reveals the entire story to the Senator, that his father murdered his natural son and replaced him with a changeling, which is the Senator. The Senator refuses to believe the story and angrily berates John for accusing his father (whom he claims was a loving man) of murder. John then leaves the real Joseph's medal, files and the only copy of the seance recording and apologizes. The Senator threatens John that there will be consequences if he has told anyone else of his story.
Meanwhile, John's realtor and friend, Claire, goes to the house alone in an attempt to find John and is chased by Joseph's wheelchair until she falls down the stairs. Meanwhile, the house begins to shake and rumble. John arrives, and escorts Claire outside, and then goes back inside to try and stop the ghost of Joseph. A strong wind causes John to fall from the second story, but he survives. Joseph then lights the house on fire.
Meanwhile, back at the Senator's home, he is observing the two birth medallions, and throws his duplicate medal away, placing Joseph's medal on a portrait of his father. Suddenly, the picture and the desk start shaking violently and an illusion of the Senator is transported to the house and begins to climb the stairs which then crumble. John sees the Senator's illusion walking up the main staircase, and narrowly escapes being crushed by a chandelier. Meanwhile, the Senator's illusion then climbs the stairs to Joseph's attic room where he witnesses how his father murdered the real Joseph by drowning him. Meanwhile, back at the mansion, the Senator himself suffers a heart attack and dies as Joseph's attic room explodes. John and Claire arrive and see the Senator's body being hoisted away. The ambulance then passes the Carmichael mansion, which is now completely engulfed in flames.
The next morning, Joseph's burnt wheelchair sits upright amid the ruins of the mansion. His music box opens and begins playing a lullaby.
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  haunting,  flashback,  atmospheric,  revenge, 

title: Haute tension
synopsis: College girlfriends Marie (Cécile de France) and Alex, or Alexia (Maïwenn Le Besco), are on their way to stay at Alex's parent's house for the weekend. When they arrive, Alex gives Marie a tour of the house before they settle down for dinner. After dinner, Marie and Alex get ready to go to bed.As Alex sleeps, Marie lies on her bed listening to music and masturbating. Marie hears a doorbell ring and Alex's father responding. The man at the door is a serial killer (Philippe Nahon), who slashes Alex's father and decapitates him. Marie hears all this from her bedroom. She arranges her room to make it appear that no one is staying there, and hides under her bed. The killer inspects Marie's room but doesn't find her. Marie creeps downstairs and finds Alex chained in her bedroom. Promising to find help, she sneaks into the parent's room to find a phone. After hearing loud thuds, she hides in the closet, and witnesses the killing of Alex's mother. Alex's younger brother escapes the house but is followed to the fields by the killer and shot. Alex is dragged into the killer's truck. Marie sneaks into the truck with a butcher knife and hides there with Alex.When the killer stops at an all-night gas station to refuel his small truck, Marie hands Alex the knife and sneaks into the gas station before him. While hiding behind a row, she witnesses the killer talk for a while to the convenence store clerk before paying for the fuel, and then when the clerk goes to one of the locked shelves to aquire a bottle of whisky that the killer asks for, the killer viciously kills the clerk with a fire axe. Marie hides in a downstairs restroom while the killer goes to releave himself. After the killer drives away, Marie tries calling the police, but becomes frustrated and hangs up.Marie takes the clerk's car keys and chases the killer down a deserted road. The killer notices Marie following him, and rams into Marie's vehicle, pushing her car off the road injuring her with a minor head wound. Exiting on foot, Marie runs into the forest, and the killer follows her. Eventually, Marie mortally wounds the killer with a pole that has barbed wire wrapped around it. As Marie inspects the body, he grabs at her throat, so Marie suffocates him with a plastic sheet. After that, she makes her way back to the truck.Meanwhile, the police investigating the gas station murders view the in-store videotape... and see Marie murdering the store clerk. At the truck, Marie unties Alex. As soon as Alex is free, she threatens Marie with the knife and accuses her of butchering her family. Alex slashes Marie's face and stabs her in the stomach before running into the forest. Marie/The Killer chases Alex with a concrete saw. Alex finds a road and flags down a car. As Alex is climbing into the car, Marie appears brandishing the concrete saw. Marie shoves the concrete saw through the wind shield and disembowels the driver. A stray piece of glass slices Alex's Achilles tendon. Alex takes a crowbar from the car's toolbox and crawls along the road. Marie forces Alex to tell her that she loves her, and kisses her. While engaged in the kiss, Alex lunges the crowbar into the killer's chest and through her back while the killer proclaims how she'll never let anyone come between them.The final scene shows the scarred Marie in a psychiatric hospital room, and Alex watching her through a one way mirror. Marie grins and reaches for Alex, aware that she is behind it.
tags: suspenseful,  murder,  stupid,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: The Pack
synopsis: The film opens with a farmer hearing sounds and going out to his barn to investigate. A short time later his wife awakens from her easy chair by the fireplace to see his cigarette burning in the ashtray but he is not in the house. She goes to find him and hears a noise in the barn. As she enters the barn, she is killed by an unknown creature.
The next morning a neighboring farmer, Adam (Jack Campbell) finds several of his sheep dead after having their throats ripped out by a creature in the night. Meanwhile, his wife Carla (Anna Lise Phillips) is working in her veterinary clinic and hears the report of the dead farmers on the radio. She snaps off the radio and sends her son Henry (Hamish Phillips) out to play. The daughter Sophie (Katie Moore) is on the roof of the vet clinic laying in a lounger talking to her boyfriend on the phone. Carla sits at her desk and picks up the overdue $435 phone bill and angrily calls her daughter Sophie, who ignores her prompting her mother to yank the cord out of the wall. Sophie storms into the clinic and argues with her mother about farm life being solitary confinement and how they should move into the city, Carla counters this by suggesting she help out around the farm or get a job to help pay the phone bill. Henry comes in to let his mother know the man is back. Carla sends the kids in the house and calls for her husband over the walkie talkie.
The man turns out to be a bank manager and during the course of conversation it is revealed that their payments are in arrears and the farm is being foreclosed despite Carla's clinic being a new source of income. The snide and sarcastic bank manager tells them they can take the reduced amount of $200,000 for their barn or be forced out in 48 hours, but Adam refuses to sell as the only reason they are unprofitable is because the sheep keep being attacked and stating that they will never have to leave. The manager drives off and stops on the side of the road to urinate, but before he can return to his car he is promptly attacked by a pack of wild dogs that viciously tear his flesh and drag him down the hill.
Later that night the family is having a quiet evening. Sophie, who is in the shower, does not notice the shadow of a dog in the hall. When Carla and Henry go into the basement to change a fuse and she jump-scares him and teases him about being afraid. Adam goes outside to start the generator, when he realizes the family dog is missing. Calling for it, he walks to the edge of the forest and sees a few sets of yellow eyes staring back at him. He backs away from the forest as howling begins and large shadows start to pursue him, and rushes back into the house just ahead of the dogs who try to get into the house.
When he goes to get his rifle he notices that there are only two bullets and questions Carla about it who tells them that they have been going missing, although it was revealed earlier in the film to be Henry who is taking them, Carla calls the police and tells them there is a break-in while Adam trains his rifle on the door and shoots through it hitting the dog. He opens the door to see if it is dead and is attacked by it, and accidentally fires off his other round before dropping his rifle which skids out the door. Carla grabs a weapon and begins to beat the dog. A police officer arrives at the farmhouse to investigate and attempts to radio in to the police precinct. He gets out of his vehicle and as he approaches the house the pack viciously attacks him before dragging his body into the woods. Adam goes out to his pick-up truck and lets the family know it is safe to come out so they can escape in the truck. Just then a dog leaps through his window breaking the glass and biting him. He hits the gas and his trucks leaps forward plowing into the police car totaling both vehicles.
Carla hides Sophie and Henry in the pantry while an injured Adam goes out to the vet clinic to get additional ammo as Carla began storing the ammo in her office to stop them going missing. Adam gets into the clinic and finds there are only a few shells left. He hears a noise in the other room and creeps over to find a wild dog eating the animals in cages. Sophie begins calling him over the walkie talkie which alerts the dog to his presence and it attacks Adam who fights it off with the rifle. Meanwhile, another wild dog is trying to get into the closet and attack the kids but Carla stabs it with a kitchen knife and it runs off. They make an alternate plan to climb up onto the roof of the vet clinic. Adam goes first to snipe the dogs while the kids stealthily go through the interior dog run. Henry stops to collect some unused rifle shells he has hidden there. Carla has been making firebombs from flammable liquid she had in the house to throw at the dogs while the kids run across the last patch of lawn to the ladder. The leader of the pack sees Carla and runs toward her. As she runs back for the house she sees it closing in on her. She goes to the pick-up truck instead and climbs through the back window to get the tire iron and beat it. She fights it off long enough to get the truck door open. As it leaps through the window and she slams the door, closing the dog inside. She hides under the truck but is soon dragged out by the dog. As she sits at the side of the truck with the crowbar still in hand, the lead dog approaches her slowly snarling and showing his teeth. As he is about to attack, Adam appears on the roof of the truck, and shoots him in the head.
As day breaks the bloodied exhausted parents lead the children back to the house and the family dog comes bounding out of nowhere to join them. The camera pans above the house and through the forest before a close up of a dark cave entrance. A pair of yellow eyes like the ones earlier in the film, peer out from the darkness before the end credits begin.
tags: tragedy,  violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: I Know What You Did Last Summer
synopsis: It's the 4th of July, 1996 and four high school seniors, Julie (Jennifer Love Hewitt), her boyfriend Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr), Julie's best friend Helen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and her boyfriend Barry (Ryan Phillippee) decide to have some fun on their last summer as kids. So they party and get drunk and go to an isolated beach by their town. While on the beach, they discuss their futures beyond their small town, as well as discuss an urban legend regarding a young couple who find a hook attached to their car door. Since Ray is the only one of them that is sober, he is tasked with driving them back home. The ride soon gets out of control when Barry spills alcohol in the car, distracting Ray, who accidentally hits a random stranger on the road.The incident soon turns ugly when the group begin to argue over what happened. The police won't believe it as an accident, since there's alcohol spilled in the car, and the car belongs to Barry. The situation grows worse when a vehicle appears in the distance. This turns out to be another local teenager, named Max (Johnny Galecki). Julie distracts him by saying they just had car trouble, and he drives on.Once he's gone, the talk turns to disposing of the body to hide what happened. Julie feels that they should tell what they did but Barry, drunk and in a violently-upset rage, demands that no one be told, with Helen taking Barry's side. They take it down to the nearby docks and dump the body in the water, with Barry making everyone swear to take the secret to their graves.One year later and now a freshman in college, Julie goes home for the summer. While at home, her Mom gives her a letter that was received, but it has no return address and is not postmarked. Inside, she finds a folded piece of paper with a message: I Know What You Did Last Summer!Panicked over their secret having gotten out, Julie goes to Helen's sister Elsa (Bridgette Wilson), to inquire for Helen's number in New York. However, Elsa soon reveals that Helen went to college in New York and then came back, now working in their family's store.They then go to see Barry. Barry claims that no one can know, and as the three discuss that fateful night, Barry recalls how Max drove by, and he was the only person there that night. Barry immediately suspects him, and the three head down to the nearby docks. Barry claims he'll 'talk' to Max in private, but Barry gets carried away, threatening Max with an ice pick, telling him to leave them alone, even though Max claims he has no idea what Barry is talking about.While down at the docks, Julie finds Ray working off a fishing boat down there. He tries to patch things up regarding their now-broken relationship, but she runs off.Back inside Max's workplace, unseen by anyone, Max is killed when an unseen person uses the ice pick that Barry had threatened Max with.Later that evening, Barry goes to a local gym to workout. In the locker room, he hears a sound. Looking around the locker room, Barry finds nothing until he returns to his locker. He soon finds a Polaroid photo of his BMW, with a message written on the back: I Know. Barry also finds that his jacket is gone. Rushing out of the locker room, Barry see his car turn on, and back off down the road. Barry gives chase, only to have the driver attempt to run him down. The driver, wearing a dark fishermans rain slicker and weilding a large ice hook, gets out of the car and stands over him.Barry ends up in the hospital, but is unable to tell the police anything about the person's identity, other than that he wore a black rain slicker, and carried an ice pick. In his hospital room, the four friends talk about what happened, with Barry still strongly against revealing what they did. Julie then reveals that she has been doing some investigating, and reveals that the name of the person they struck was David Egan. Feeling that maybe Egan survived and is staying with a local relative, Julie and Helen head out to the Egan's residence deep in the inland swamps.Julie and Helen arrive at David's house where they find David's moody older sister, Missy (Anne Heche). Missy explains that David's death devastated their family, as Julie and Helen act under the guise that their vehicle has broken down. While both of them originally think that Missy may be the killer, talking with her, they soon write her off their suspects list. However, Missy does explain that someone came after her brother had died, claiming to be his friend. When the girls ask for this person's name, Missy believes it to be 'Billy Blue'.Helen returns to her home that night, and prepares for the 4th of July parade the next morning. She does not notice the fisherman sneaking into her house through the back door, going upstairs and hiding in her bedroom closet. Waking up the next morning, she is horrified to find that someone has slashed her hair in the night, and written 'Soon' on her vanity mirror.Helen then calls Barry and Julie to come over quickly. On her way over, Julie hears a strange sound coming from the back of her car. Upon reaching Helen's, she hears something in the trunk and opens it, to reveal Max's dead body, with crabs crawling over him! Julie rushes in to tell Barry and Helen, but when they return, the crabs and Max's body have disappeared from the trunk. Barry and Helen assume Julie was hallucinating, but she swears she did see Max's dead body.Julie, Helen, and Barry confront Ray about the recent events, which Barry thinks that Ray is behind it. Ray strongly denies being the one and claims that whoever knows is after him too for he received a similar letter.Julie decides to revisit Missy to ask her more questions about David Egan and about the visitor 'Billy Blue', while Helen and Barry go to participate in the 4th of July parade. During the parade, Barry keeps an eye out for the killer, but notices that there are several people wearing the dark rain slickers running about. Chasing one, Barry leaves Helen on one of the parade floats. As it passes by a 2-story building, she notices a shadowy figure in a black rain slicker, reveal an ice pick in a threatening way as the float passes by.Meanwhile, Julie arrives back at Missy's house in hopes to convince her that her brother is still alive, and to secretly find out more about who the stranger called Billy Blue was. Missy tells Julie that her brother is dead, and presents her with a suicide note that was left by him which reads 'I will never forget last summer'. Julie thinks that the handwriting matches that of the note she received, and tries to convince Missy that her brother is not dead. However, Missy soon grows upset by Julie's ravings, and orders her to leave her property.At the annual Croaker Pageant, Helen is in attendance as her reign as the Croaker Queen is about to come to an end. Barry is watching from an upstairs balcony, but as the pageant goes on, Helen lets out a yell when she sees the killer pull Barry into the shadows! Rushing upstairs with a police officer, they look around but find no sign of the killer or Barry. The officer thinks Helen imagined it, and offers to take her home.On the way there, the officer cuts through an alley and finds someone working on their truck engine, which has stalled across the street. The officer gets out to investigate, only to come face-to-face with the killer, who kills the officer with the ice hook. Helen manages to break out of the police car, and rushes for her family's store, where her sister Elsa lets her in. Helen demands that Elsa lock all the doors, but before Elsa can finish the job, the killer enters through a side door and slashes her to death. The killer then stalks after Helen, chasing her out of the store, down an alley, and near a pile of used tires where she is killed steps away from the 4th of July parade that is going on.Meanwhile, Julie has returned to town does some further research into the death of David Egan. A year before the 'accident,' David and his girlfriend Susie were involved in a car crash not far from where the film's 'accident' scene occurred. David survived, but Susie died. The research mentions that Susie had a father, named Ben Willis. Julie then figures it out: They did not kill David Egan that night! Her assumption is that David had been found along the road by Ben, who killed him and disposed of the body. But before Ben could get home, the four crashed into him during their joyride that night.Julie then decides to tell Ray who is working down by the docks. She explains her theory, but he doesn't believe it. As they talk, she suddenly notices the name of the boat he works on Billy Blue! Julie panics, thinking that Ray may actually be the murderer and takes off running, only to be chased by Ray before a fisherman stops him, and puts her onto his boat.As she looks around the boat, she finds one room that contains photos and other articles about her, Helen, Barry and Ray... and realizes that she is on Ben's boat! Ben has set the boat adrift and intends to kill Julie, who leads him on a cat-and-mouse chase through the ship. Eventually, Julie winds up in an ice room to store fish, and finds the corpses of Max, Helen and Barry.Ray manages to come to his senses, and takes a small motorboat, catching up to Ben's boat. In the end, Ray manages to use the ship's rigging to save Julie, causing Ben to lose his arm in which he carried the hook, and plummets over the side.All that is found of Ben is the severed arm with the hook in the hand. When the Police question Julie and Ray about why Ben would have wanted to kill them, they claim they have no idea.A year later, Julie is enjoying another year of college, and is getting ready to return to her hometown to see Ray. As she prepares to take a shower, her college roommate says that there was a letter left for her. Fearing the same thing as before, Julie is relieved to find that it is an invitation to a pool party.Returning to the showers, the hot water has caused the room to steam up. As Julie heads towards one shower stall, she stops upon seeing writing on one of the doors, which reads: I still know.The last shot is Ben, crashing through the glass shower door at the camera (aka Julie), the ice pick now embedded in the stump of his missing arm.
tags: mystery,  murder,  cult,  revenge,  horror,  suspenseful,  entertaining,  storytelling, 

title: The Skeleton Dance
synopsis: The night promises to be a scary one. Lightning flashes. The wind howls. A tree branch in the shape of a hand seems to grab for a frightened owl that spins its head around like a top. The clock on the church tower strikes midnight, sending the bats flying out of the belfry. Two cats on gravestones fight by pulling and stretching each other's noses like taffy. A skeleton rises from behind a gravestone, frightening the fur off the cats. But an owl's hooting scares it, and it retaliates by throwing its skull and knocking the bird's feathers off.It's time for the skeletons to dance; and they perform as no living creatures could. They break apart into individual bones and then come back together again. They stretch and shrink into impossible shapes. They use each other as pogo sticks. One breaks off the two thigh bones of another and plays March of the Dwarves on its ribs like a xylophone. Another uses one of its bones as a bow and plays a cat's tail as if it were a stringed instrument. When the rooster crows, the skeletons fly into a panic, rushing at one another and smashing together to form a giant horse-like creature with many legs and four skulls stacked one upon the other.The creature dives into an open grave, knocking the stone lid over itself. But a pair of shinbones with feet are left behind, and they kick the stone to get in. A bony hand reaches out and grabs them. The skeleton dance is done.
tags: psychedelic,  horror, 

title: Scary Movie 2
synopsis: A teenage girl named Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne) becomes possessed by the spirit of Hugh Kane, the house's previous owner. During a formal dinner party she emerges in her pajamas, insults her mother and the guests, then proceeds to urinate profusely on the floor. In response, Megan's mother (Veronica Cartwright) seeks help from two priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter). After paying a trip to the bathroom, the men attempt to drive Hugh's ghost out, but the exorcism does not go as planned. After a chain of projectile vomits and various instances of pedophilia, Megan insults Father McFeely's mother. He responds by pulling out a gun and shooting Megan.
Meanwhile, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans), and Shorty Meeks (Marlon Wayans) are at college, trying to live new lives since the events of the first film. Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a socially maladjusted girl, Alex (Tori Spelling). Shorty is still the same stoner he was before. Ray, still confused about his sexuality, has two new male friends, Tommy (James DeBello) and Buddy (Christopher Masterson). Buddy becomes romantically interested in Cindy, but she rebuffs him.
Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his charming paraplegic assistant, Dwight Hartman (David Cross), plan to study the paranormal activity at a local haunted mansion called Hell House. They use Cindy and her friends as test subjects. At the mansion, Cindy encounters a foul-mouthed parrot and Hanson (Chris Elliott), the caretaker with a badly malformed hand. Later, the group is joined by sexy newcomer Theo (Kathleen Robertson). They sit down for dinner, but soon lose their appetite due to Hanson's repulsive antics.
Later that night, Cindy hears voices directing her to a secret room, where she and Buddy discover the diary of Hugh Kane's wife. Seeing her portrait, they note Cindy's resemblance to her. Meanwhile, other teens also experience bizarre encounters. Hugh Kane's ghost has sex with Alex in her bedroom, but retreats when Alex expresses her interest in becoming the new Mrs. Kane. Cindy gets involved in a fistfight with the house cat, Mr. Kittles. A toy clown (Suli McCullough) attempts to kill Ray, but in a strange turn of events, the clown doll gets raped by Ray instead. A weed-monster rolls Shorty into a joint. It tries to smoke him, but gets distracted by munchies and lets him escape.
Professor Oldman is seduced and killed by the ghost of Hugh's mistress. Shorty later encounters the same ghost, but seduces and has sex with her. After Dwight equips the teens with weapons that can injure their spectral enemy, they are pursued throughout the mansion. Buddy and Cindy get locked in the walk-in freezer. Cindy gives Buddy a handjob and revives him, resuting him to release semen blasting Cindy to the door. Cindy then uses a collection of random objects in the room to produce a Caterpillar tractor and escapes the freezer.
Hanson gets possessed by Kane and kidnaps Shorty, who is high on drugs. In the dining room, Hanson sets up a cooker and cuts off the top of Shorty's head. Instead of a brain, there is a small man rapping (Beetlejuice) inside. Cindy, Brenda, and Theo team up to fight Hanson, but wind up defeated. Dwight regroups with the teens. Cindy acts as bait to lure Kane into a device that will destroy him. The plan succeeds, freeing the group from the house's curse.
Two months later, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship. They are out on a walk when Buddy disappears and Hanson shows up. As he closes in menacingly, he gets hit by a car. The car's driver is Shorty, who is receiving a blowjob from the ghost that he seduced earlier.
tags: comedy,  murder,  stupid,  bleak,  cult,  horror,  humor, 

title: Poltergeist
synopsis: In the suburban housing development of Cuesta Verde, California, the homes are modern and comfortable. Steve Freeling (Craig T. Nelson) is a successful real estate agent who works for a firm headed up by Teague (James Karen), a developer. Steve lives in one of the Cuesta Verde homes with his wife, Diane (JoBeth Williams), and their three children: teenage Dana (Dominique Dunne) and preteen youngsters Robbie (Oliver Robbins) and Carol Anne (Heather O'Rourke).Strange events begin to occur when Carol Anne begins sleepwalking and carries on a seemingly one-sided conversation with a TV set that's turned on but has no signal. Soon thereafter her pet bird dies, and the family conducts a small burial service. Later that night, Carol Anne awakens again and talks to the television, while a spectral manifestation erupts from the television screen and enters the walls, causing an earthquake that only the Freelings feel. As the family wakes up, Carol Anne mysteriously announces, They're here.The next morning, glasses inexplicably break at breakfast, and forks bend by themselves. When Diane asks Carol Anne who she meant when she said they're here, she answers, The TV people. At first the ghosts play harmless tricks and amuse the mother, including moving and stacking the kitchen table chairs. Diane and Carol Anne discover an area in the kitchen where an unseen force will pull anything, including people, across the floor. Of course, Diane must convince Steve that night by showing him. He then announces that Nobody's goin' in the kitchen until I know what's happening.During a terrible thunderstorm, a gnarled tree outside the kids' bedroom window suddenly comes to life and grabs Robbie (Oliver Robins), Carol Anne's brother, through a window. However, this is merely a distraction used by the ghosts to get Carol Anne's parents to leave her alone. Using a force like a wind tunnel, they take Carol Anne through her bedroom closet into their dimension. Steve rescues Robbie, and the family believes that a tornado caused the trouble, until they realize that they can't find Carol Anne. They search the entire house including the pit for the new swimming pool until Robbie hears Carol Anne through the TV.Steve meets with a small group of parapsychologists from UC Irvine, stating that We just want you to find our little girl. Dr. Lesh (Beatrice Straight), Ryan (Richard Lawson), and Marty (Martin Casella) are awestruck by the manifestations they witness. With the parapsychologists present, Steve shows them things they've never before seen. He opens the door to the children's room to reveal toys and other objects flying around by themselves and disembodied laughing voices reverberating throughout the room. Previously, Ryan described a Matchbox car taking seven hours to move seven feet, calling it fantastic. Of course, this would never register on the naked eye. After they see the Freelings' house, they are all humbled.Over coffee (and a coffee urn that moves by itself), the parapsychologists explain to the Freelings the difference between a poltergeist and a haunting. They determine that indeed, it is a poltergeist they are experiencing.The group witnesses several paranormal episodes where they hear Carol Anne talking to Diane through the TV, see spirits, and hear the pounding footsteps of some terrible force, which subsequently injures Marty. Marty also suffers a terrifying hallucination where he seems to tear off his own face. The parapsychologists leave, with the exception of Ryan, admitting they need more help. Shaken and overwhelmed, Dana leaves to stay with friends. The Freelings also send Robbie to his grandmother's house for his safety.Later that day, Steve has a conversation with his boss, Teague, about a new housing project going up. They talk about how Steve's company has built over cemeteries in the past, even where the Freelings live now. Whenever the company needed land to build or expand housing communities, they'd move the cemeteries, coffins, headstones and all. Teague shows Steve a new housing development the company is building not far from where the Freelings live. As the two walk by a hillside cemetery, Teague tells Steve that he can have a new house right in that spot, with a large bay window overlooking the valley. Steve remarks that the house can't simply be built over a cemetery. Teague tells Steve that the company has moved whole cemeteries before: the coffins were dug up and moved, along with their headstones, to new locations nearby. Teague then reveals that much of Cuesta Verde was built on the location of one of these relocated cemeteries. Steve seems quite astonished at the news, stating that that's sacrilegious.When the parapsychologists return, they bring a spiritual medium, Tangina Barrons (Zelda Rubinstein), a tiny woman who uses her psychic sensitivity to ascertain facts about the disturbances. Tangina tells them that Carol Anne is alive and in this house. According to Tangina, the spirits haunting the home have left this life but have not gone into the spectral Light. They are stuck in between dimensions, watching their loved ones grow up, but feeling alone, causing them to feel lonely and even angry. Carol Anne was born in the house and has strongest connection to it. Only 5 years old, she gives off her own life force that is as bright as the Light. It distracts and confuses the spirits, who think Carol Anne is their salvation. Hence, they have taken her.However, Tangina also warns everyone that a malevolent spirit also exists in the next dimension. It likes that the spirits are confused and lost, and uses Carol Anne as a distraction so they cannot move on into the Light. Tangina says it lies to her and tells her things only a child can understand. To her, it simply is another child. To us, it is the Beast.They realize the entrance to the other dimension is through the children's bedroom closet. Tangina tests the dimensional portal with a few tennis balls that drop through the living room ceiling below the kids' closet. By tying a rope around a live person who can enter, and presumably exit the other side, with enough time to grab Carol Anne, they could bring her back. Tangina intends to be the one to go into the light, but Diane insists, saying that Carol Anne will only come to her mother. With the rope around her waist, Diane goes into the portal and Tangina coaxes the agonized spirits away from Carol Anne to the real Light. While Tangina is in her trance-like state telling the lost spirits to cross over into the Light, Steve panics and pulls on the rope, meeting the Beast face-to-face. Diane falls through the living room ceiling clutching Carol Anne and bearing new streaks of grey hair, presumably from fright; both Diane and Carol Anne are also covered in ectoplasm. After Steve revives both of them in the upstairs bathtub, Tangina pronounces that this house is clean.Unfortunately, though the spirits have seemingly moved on, the Beast hasn't, and wants revenge. On their final night in the house, Steve leaves Diane alone with the children so he can go and talk to Teague, who presumably is trying to get Steve to reconsider leaving. While Robbie and Carol Anne are getting ready for bed, Robbie's clown doll comes to life and pulls him under the bed. Diane, relaxing in the master bedroom, hears her son's screaming voice and tries to investigate, but is pulled against the wall and ceiling by an unseen force. Robbie manages to rip the clown doll to pieces but a strange, mouth-like portal appears in Carol Anne's closet and attempts to suck the children in.Diane tries to get to her son and daughter but runs into the Beast itself, in the form of a snarling, skeletal demon. It blocks Carol Anne's and Robbie's door and lunges at her, causing her to fall down the stairs. Diane runs to the backyard to seek help from her next-door neighbors, but slips into the freshly-dug swimming pool. A rainstorm has filled it with rain and mud, and as Diane tries to escape, coffins begin erupting from the earth, releasing skeletal corpses into the pool. Her neighbors hear the commotion and arrive to help Diane out of the pool, but they refuse to enter the house with its windows now blazing with ghostly energy. Diane runs back into the house alone to get Robbie and Carol Anne. She finds Carol Anne and Robbie barely able to fight the energy that tries to suck them into the portal; they dangle from their bed frames, hanging on only by their hands, while their feet sway toward the closet door. Diane manages to pull them to safety and they run from the house.Coffins and bodies begin exploding out of the ground throughout the house. Steve pulls up in his car with Teague as a passenger, and they both see the dead bodies erupting from the ground. Steve recalls the earlier conversation he had with Teague, where Teague revealed that Cuesta Verde was built over the site of a relocated cemetery. It is now obvious that Teague never really relocated the cemetery, he simply built the housing development over top of the graves after moving only the headstones. Realizing this truth, Steve rebukes him in anger. Dana arrives in her boyfriend's car and is hysterical over what is happening to the house. The Freelings get into Steve's station wagon and they drive off. The Beast grows so angry that the house implodes through the portal into the other dimension as stunned neighbors (including Teague) look on. The weary family checks into a hotel for the night. Not wishing to tempt fate, Steve pushes the television set outside their room.
tags: mystery,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  haunting,  good versus evil,  suspenseful, 

title: The Others
synopsis: The movie begins with Grace Stewart (Nicole Kidman) waking up from a nightmare. It is 1945 in Jersey, and her husband was fighting in France but he has yet to return home, even though the war has ended. She lives in a big, creepy house alone with her two kids, Anne (Alakina Mann) and Nicholas (James Bentley). Recently, around a week or two ago, all the servants just upped and abandoned them, without a word or collecting their wages.Three servants-- mute Lydia (Elaine Cassidy), Mr. Tuttle (Eric Sykes), and Mrs. Bertha Mills (Fionnula Flanagan)-- come to her door, to respond to an ad that Kidman had posted for new servants. They are all shown around the house by Grace, who explains the rules... one must never open a door without closing the previous one, and the drapes must always be shut because her children are photosensitive-- they break out in rashes and sores if they are exposed to light stronger than candlelight.One day, Grace goes to the mailbox and sees that the letters she'd sent out to the newspaper announcing positions are still there. She confronts Mrs. Mills angrily, demanding to know who they are.. and how did they know of the jobs if the ad hasn't even come out yet? Mrs. Mills then tells Grace that all three of them had used to live in the house, and had loved it so much that they come back to see if they could be of any use, as a house as big as Kidman's always needs extra help. When she welcomed them thinking they had answered to the ad, they just did not want to tell her otherwise.Strange things happen in the house. Sometimes, there are people talking and whispering and crying; thuds and noises come from empty rooms; Ann talks to an invisible boy, Victor (Alexander Vince), and insists that there are others walking around the house. Grace refuses to believe her, and frequently tells her to stop and punishes her for lying; Mrs. Mills assures Anne that she believes her and that soon her mother will see. Mrs. Mills then tells Grace that sometimes the world of the living gets mixed up in the world of the dead. Grace refuses to believe until one day, she is sewing Anne's first communion veil when she heard thuds upstairs; she races to investigate but there's no one there, and she sees in the mirror that the door is closing all by itself. Grace then goes on a hunt to seek out the intruders, enlisting her whole household (and this is the first of two or three such hunts)... she then wants her house blessed so she goes out to find the priest.Mrs. Mills races after her and tells her not to go; Grace leaves and Mrs. Mills talks to Mr. Tuttle, who's doing the lawn work; she says that eventually it'll all come out and tells him to hide these gravestones on the property. Grace gets lost in the mist and she finds her husband (Christopher Eccleston), who looks lost and very out of it, and brings him home. He won't speak or do anything except for staying in bed. Now Grace, who'd previously started to believe in the intruders, revert back into stubbornness. Her daughter shows her the picture she'd drawn, of Victor and his parents (including a pianist father who played the piano invisibly one night) (Keith Allen & Michelle Fairley) and of the old woman, with sightless eyes. In one of her hunts for the intruders Kidman finds a book of photography, including this book in which there are people posed and sleeping-- until Mrs. Mills tells them that those people are dead, and that it's a book of the dead, which the superstitious believed would guard the souls of those dead.Grace and her daughter are putting the finishing touches on her communion dress when Grace has to leave for a moment. She comes back and is horrified to see that not only is her daughter sitting on the floor in her spotless dress, but she's become this creepy old woman-- so she grabs her daughter in a chokehold and starts to scream and hit her. The veil rips off to reveal that it is her daughter, crying; she then runs away. Grace is shaken as she thinks she's gone mad. Then going back to her husband's room, he tells her that Ann has told him of what had happened a week ago. Grace breaks down and cries and protests that it wasn't her fault; but then he tells her that he has to leave and she knows that for all of her excuses he needs something beyond her family and herself. Furthermore, her husband, who had come from within the fog dazzled and confused, finally goes away, saying that he must return to the war. Grace had told him that the war was over, to no avail: he leaves anyway.So he leaves, and the next morning the curtains are gone. The children are screaming and Grace Stewart is demanding from her three servants hysterically where they are; she even grabs a gun and threaten them and tells them to leave, because they're not helping her and they must have stolen the curtains. The children go to bed but they then climb out the window because they want to look for their father and they're kind of scared of their mother. Grace is ripping apart the house looking for curtains; she goes into the servants' rooms and finds an envelope on the bed, containing a photograph of Mr. Tuttle, Lydia, and Mrs. Mills, inscribed 1891, from the book of the dead.The mists are surrounding the island when Ann comes across the gravestones of the three servants, and then she sees them in the distance. They're approaching her and Nicholas, and they both run into the house with the servants following; Grace is there and she locks them out, and tells her children to hide while she fends them off. Mrs. Mills then tells Grace from outside the doors that it's too late, now she has to go and find them herself. Meanwhile, Nicholas and Ann run upstairs into a wardrobe, and hide but the door is thrown open to reveal a white-haired old lady with opaque eyes (Renée Asherson)... and everyone screams, including Grace who has run upstairs by now.The camera then turns to a group of people who are sitting around a table, including the old lady, now acting as the speaker of the seance. She is asking the children why they are lingering around in death? Ghostly Ann and ghostly Nicholas scream that they aren't dead, while ghostly Grace is grabbing the paper and tearing them apart, screaming too, and shaking the table, trying to get the speakers' attention. We see that the papers are flying up by themselves and that the table is shaking but don't see Grace and the kids: we can see only the startled participants of the seance, watching the blind lady scrubbling like crazy on a piece of paper in a rapture. It then stops and the old woman is snapped out of the trance.We discover what had really happened: Grace had smothered her children in their sleep, and then shot herself (a week or two ago, the servants disappeared -- because their employer, Grace, had died); The present occupants of the house are the pianist father (Keith Allen), mother (Michelle Fairley), and the child Victor Marlish (Alexander Vince) They three will eventually leave the house due to the hauntings of Grace and her children. The three servants had died in the TB epidemic half a century ago, and somehow, everyone still lives in the house, the living side by side with the dead. Grace admits to having done it. The next morning, when she found herself alive again and the children pillow-fighting, she thought it was another opportunity for her to become a good mother, as if her terrible actions had only been a nightmare.The movie ends as the occupants, unable to rid the house of Grace and the kids, drive away with Grace watching from an upstairs window. The sign on the gate says the house is For Sale. Grace says that she and her children will never leave the house, as they belong there.
tags: dark,  mystery,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  dramatic,  alternate reality,  horror,  haunting,  atmospheric,  clever,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful, 

title: Sleepwalkers
synopsis: Sleep'walk'er n. Nomadic shapeshifting creatures with human and feline origins. Vulnerable to the deadly scratch of the cat, the sleepwalker feeds upon the lifeforce of virginal human females. Probable source of the vampire legend. - Chillicoathe Encyclopedia of Arcane Knowledge, 1st edition, 1884.Ever-so-virginal Tanya Robertson [Madchen Amick] is working at the local theater in Travis, Indiana when sleepwalker Charles Brady [Brian Krause], a new student who just transferred from Paradise Falls, Ohio, comes to see the double bill (They Bite and Scream Dream). She's pretty, he's cute; they make a date to shoot photos together at Homeland Cemetery.While driving home from school, Charles is stopped by his English teacher, Mr Fallows [Glenn Shalix], who tries to blackmail Charles on grounds that there is no such place as Paradise Falls in Ohio and that Charles' transcripts are fake. Charles responds by ripping off Fallows' hand and killing him. Charles continues on, driving at breakneck speed past Sheriff Andy Simpson [Dan Martin]. Charles is having fun trying to outrun the law, until Andy's cat Clovis pops his head up and looks out the window. Charles' face suddenly shifts into his catform and then back to human, confusing Andy. When it looks like Charles isn't going to outrun Andy, he pulls off the road and makes his car go invisible. However, Clovis can still see Charles, which upsets Charles greatly. When Andy finally gives up the chase, Charles makes his car turn from blue to red and drives home.Cats are beginning to amass in the Brady's yard. They've set traps, but some cats seem impervious to them. 'It's starting again,' Charles tells his mom, remembering all the previous places they've tried to live but been discovered and driven out. Mary Brady's [Alice Krige] concern, however, is with the fact that she is starving. When is Charles going to bring her the nourishment she needs? 'Tomorrow,' Charles promises.Tanya is looking forward to her date with Charles. She's even packed a picnic lunch, along with a bottle of wine which she hides from her parents. As Charles makes grave rubbings, Tanya takes photos of both the
graves and of Charles. Everything is hunkydory until, while engaged in a bit of kissing, Charles starts to suck out Tanya's breath. Tanya manages to clout him in the head with her camera, but he doesn't stay knocked out for long. When he tries again to steal her breath, she skewers his eyeball with a corkscrew.Meanwhile, Charles' car has turned back to its original color, just as Andy and Clovis drive by. When Andy stops to investigate, Tanya comes running out of the cemetery, Charles in pursuit. As Andy tries to calm Tanya down, Charles rams a pencil into Andy's ear. Charles attempts once more to take away Tanya's breath, but Andy shoots him in the back. Undaunted, Charles takes the gun from Andy and shoots him with it. Back to Tanya. Just when it looks like Charles is going to win, Clovis leaps at Charles' head and begins biting him. Tanya climbs in the squad car, locks all the doors, and frantically tries to get a message through to the dispatcher. Charles manages to get the cat off his face and speeds away in his blue car.The police arrive [look for Stephen King's cameo as the cemetery caretaker]) and take Tanya home. They don't quite buy her story about Charles arriving in a red car and leaving in a blue car nor about his face changing, but they do take her camera to develop the pictures she took of Charles. Charles is in a bad way. When he gets home, his mother tries to care for him, but she also has troubles. The yard is full of cats, and now the police have arrived, looking for Charles. She decides that the best course of action is to make the car, Charles, and herself invisible, just as the police break down her front door.While Tanya languishes in a bubblebath, Mary Brady comes to the Robertsons' front door, bearing a bouquet of roses. When Mr Robertson [Lyman Ward] tries to turn her away, Mary breaks the vase and cuts his face with the glass. When Mrs Robertson [Cindy Pickett] comes in from the kitchen to see what all the commotion is about, Mary tosses her out the window. When Deputy Horace [Monty Bane] comes in from the kitchen (where he was eating some of Mrs Robertson's home-cooked corn-on-the-cob), he fires at Mary but misses badly. When he returns to the kitchen to call headquarters for reinforcements, Mary stabs him in the back with an ear of corn. When Tanya comes downstairs to see what's going on, Mary knocks her out cold and carries her outside.More police are arriving, including Captain Ira Soames [Ron Perlman], State Police. He pointedly tells Mary to put Tanya down, so Mary bites off three of his fingers. Using Soames' gun, she shoots two of the patrol cars, causing them to burst into flames. She hoists Tanya into the third car and drives home. When she arrives, she finds that her house and yard are crawling with cats... millions and billions and trillions of cats.While Mary is forcing Tanya to dance with Charles, who is near death, the police are sneaking up on the Brady house. When Charles tries to feed on Tanya's breath, she pokes out Charles' eyes with her fingers. Mary is
irate. 'You killed my only son,' she screams at Tanya. Clovis and the police break in, also letting in some cats who leap on Mary. She fights them off while the policeman tries to get Tanya out of there. Mary catches up with them, killing the policeman by impaling him on a picket fence. Tanya jumps into the patrol car and tries to get it started. Mary, in cat form, breaks the window and attempts to pull Tanya from the car. Cats start leaping on Mary... millions and billions and trillions of cats (anyone recognize the reference? Hint: It's a classic children's book). For some reason, the biting cats cause Mary to burst into flames. Engulfed in fire, Mary takes human form long enough to leap on the patrol car windshield and scream at Tanya one last time, 'You killed my son... my only son.' As Mary burns up in the driveway, Clovis jumps into the car with Tanya. As Tanya hugs Clovis, the other cats start leaving, there being nothing more there for them. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tags: horror,  cult,  dark,  murder,  violence, 

title: Maniac
synopsis: A young couple are lying on a beach, being watched by an unseen man lurking on the dunes. The woman asks the man to fetch some wood for their fire. While he is gone, the unseen man approaches the woman and suddenly slits her throat with a razor. After gathering some driftwood from the surf, the guy returns to the campfire where the killer attacks him from behind and wraps wire around his neck and pulls, practically decapitating him.Sometime later, the killer, Frank Zito (Joe Spinell) sits up in his bed screaming. He lives in a small, one-room apartment which is full of bizarre paintings and artwork. There is a framed picture of a woman in a corner of the room decorated with candles and trinkets. There are a few mannequins in the apartment, one of which, wearing the beach girl's clothes and bloody scalp, is lying on the bed beside him. Frank takes off his pajama top and examines some old scars on his chest. He dresses, puts on a heavy winter coat, cloves, takes a gym bag, and leaves into the cold winter night of New York City.Somewhere in downtown Manhattan, Frank passes by a seedy hotel where two prostitutes are standing outside and one of them asks him if he would like a date. The two of them go inside and Frank checks into a room. In the room, Frank asks the woman if she ever modeled and tells her to show him some poses like the models in the fashion magazines. After she dances a little bit, the hooker and Frank kiss, and she relaxes him after he stops. When they resume kissing, Frank suddenly becomes angry and begins choking her until she is dead. He gets sick and throws up in the nearby bathroom and begins crying and asking why did you make me do that? In a very gory and nauseating sequence, Frank pulls out a utility razor and, very slowly and carefully, scalps the woman.Frank then goes home to his seedy apartment building somewhere in the Brooklyn region of New York. He is carrying a new mannequin to his basement apartment, and tells a passing tenant coming from the building that he is Christmas shopping. In his small one-room apartment, Frank wraps the plastic folding off the new mannequin, puts on the hooker's bloody clothes, and nails the bloody scalp to the mannequin's head, while hearing his own voice telling him that beautiful women whose beauty are crimes punishable by death. Frank pauses and looks at a newspaper headline detailing about the murdered couple at the beach.Sometime later, Frank dresses up to go out again, this time as a hunter. He disassembles a double-barreled 12-gauge shotgun in a violin case, with some buckshot shells and the utility razor. He puts on his gloves, winter coat, and he tells the mannequins in the room that he will be right back.Driving around the nighttime Brooklyn and the Queens area in his beat-up Buick Electra, Frank spots a couple outside a local disco getting into a car and driving off. The man (Tom Savini) and woman park in a lot beside the Brooklyn side of the Verrazano Bridge overlooking the narrows towards Staten Island. The woman from the disco wants to go home, but her pick-up date wants her to stay and view the sight. Frank pulls up near the couple's car, gets out and begins to spy on them as they climb into the back seat to make out with each other. The disco woman stops when she sees Frank by the car window. Upset, she asks the disco man to drive her home. The man climbs in the front seat, starts the car and turns on the headlights and Frank is standing right in front of them. He jumps on the hood of the car, and fires the shotgun through the windshield at the man literally blowing his head apart. The woman ducks in the back seat of the car as Frank approaches, points his shotgun at the woman and fires.Later, Frank is back in his room with another mannequin made to look like the murdered disco woman as he watches a TV news report about the latest double murder. Frank begins talking to himself and the other mannequins. He mentions stopping the fancy girls and he says they must stop or they'll take you away from me. Frank then goes to bed and cries himself to sleep.In Central Park the next day, Frank is walking around when he stops a little girl riding on a bicycle near a playground who accidentally rides into him. He sees a woman (Caroline Munro) in the distance snapping a photo of him beside the little girl. Frank follows the woman, pauses to take a sneak peak at her bag and sees her name and address. The woman is Anna D'Antoni. Frank then walks off.Later that night, two nurses are leaving the Roosevelt Hospital after their shift and one of them mentions about a killer being on the loose. One of the nurses is picked up by her boyfriend, leaving the other nurse alone outside the hospital. Frank, standing nearby from across the street, begins to follow the nurse. She soon realizes that he is following her and she ducks into a nearby subway station. She gets through the gate, but when she arrives on the platform, the train leaves without her. Seeing Frank approaching, she runs and into a nearby restroom and hides in a stall. Frank walks inside, looks around, and after a minute of tense silence, leaves. The nurse comes out of hiding, looks around the empty and silent bathroom and calms down a bit. Happy that she is okay, the nurse walks to a sink to wash the sweat off her face but when she looks back up, Frank appears standing behind her and stabs her in the back with a bayonet, killing her. Frank washes the blood off the blade. Frank now has another mannequin resembling the nurse as he decorates up the figure while he is play-acting as a hairdresser.Some days later, Anna is in her darkroom of her apartment developing the photographs she took of Frank when the doorbell rings. Frank is at the door and tells her that he's the man whom she took his photograph in the park. Anna lets him in and they begin to talk about Anna's work as a photographer. He notes that all her models are women, and she tells him that she hopes to sell some of her photographs of the models. Frank tells her that she should keep them to preserve their beauty (it is implied, but never fully explained, that Anna might be a lesbian or bisexual due to her appearance and nature of her photography work). Frank asks Anna out to dinner, and she accepts. During dinner, Frank shows Anna a small photo of his mother in which he tells her that he and his mother lived in Queens until she died several years ago in an automobile accident. Anna reveals that she is from Italy but has done photography work mostly in England. Frank asks Anna if she would like to go out with him again and she invites him to an art gallery show for her photographs on Thursday.Another few days later, Frank arrives at a studio where Anna is taking photos of three models at a photography session. After taking a break, Frank gives Anna a teddy bear as a gift and she introduces him to one of the models named Rita. Anna and Rita go back to shooting, and Frank eyes the two women casually talking and holding hands together (again implying, but not fully revealing, that Anna and Rita's friendship is more then that). Frank impulsively steals a gold necklace that Rita set aside and leaves.Later that evening, Rita arrives home at her West End Avenue apartment, looks through her mail, and begins to run bathtub water to take a bath. Rita answers a buzzing at the front door and it is Frank who returns her necklace (claiming that he found it at the studio). With Rita distracted for a second, Frank slyly pushes in the door's lock, and leaves. Rita goes into the bathroom to take her bath. A little later, Rita is making tea for herself when she is grabbed by Frank who jumps out of a closet. When Rita wakes up, she finds herself gagged and tied to her bed. Frank then rambles at Rita saying that her hair is different, but he knew he could find her. He begins talking to her about abuse and leaving him, implying that he is talking to his mother. He tells Rita that he is going to keep her so she will never go away again. Frank then pulls out a switchblade knife and after a minute, stabs Rita in the chest, killing her. Frank then begins to scalp her as well and adds her hair and bathrobe as another trophy to his growing number of mannequins he keeps in his apartment. In his apartment, Frank sits in front of the woman's picture, which is his late mother, and talks about hiding in the closet when his mother said so.Some days later, Frank calls Anna and invites her to a show and picks her up. Anna thanks Frank for sending flowers and attending Rita's funeral. Frank drives Anna to a cemetery and says that he wants to put a reef of flowers on his mother's grave which she died on Christmas Day. At the cemetery, Frank lays the reef beside the headstone of his mother, Carmen Zito, and begins to cry. He says that Rita knew about him and he suddenly grabs Anna by the neck. Anna hits him and runs, and Frank chases her through the cemetery. Anna wounds Frank by jumping out from behind a gravestone and hits him in his left arm with a shovel and flees out of the cemetery. Frank screams out in pain and calls out Mother! Frank then begins to hear voices in his head and the voice of a young Frank. He is pleading with his mother not to lock him up in the closet. It is fully revealed here that Frank was abused and neglected by his own mother, leading him to go on this killing spree. Frank returns to his mother's grave and kneels at the headstone crying again until suddenly the rotting corpse of his mother bursts out of the ground and grabs him (shades of the movie 'Carrie'). But it was all just a hallucination, and Frank sits back alone at the grave and cries some more.Frank goes home to his apartment and lies on his bed with his wounded arm crying over his mother. As he looks around the room, the mannequins suddenly turn into the bloodied murdered women they represent and they all approach Frank with weapons they pick up off his table. In the most goriest and horrific scene, the mannequins/zombies attack him, one stabbing him in the stomach with the bayonet, one chops off his right arm with a machete, and two of them literally rip off his head from his body in a ghastly flow of blood and gore, splattering all over everything.The next morning, a police car arrives outside the apartment building where Frank lives. Two plainclothes police officers, having obviously been called upon by Anna, get out, pull out guns, and burst into Frank's apartment. They find Frank lifeless on his bed (with only a knife in his bloody stomach), with all the mannequins standing around the room. Apparently the whole supernatural event was nothing but Frank's horrible nightmare which resulted in him committing suicide. The two cops leave the room, and Frank continues to lie motionless on his bed... then his eyes open...
tags: realism,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  sadist, 

title: Stir of Echoes
synopsis: Tom Witzky is a phone lineman living in a working-class neighborhood in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie and his son Jake, who possesses the ability to commune with the dead. At a party one evening, Tom challenges Maggie's sister Lisa, a believer in paranormal activity, to hypnotize him. After putting him under, Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to be more open-minded. Tom then begins experiencing visions of a violent scuffle involving a girl who he later learns is Samantha Kozac, a 17-year-old that disappeared from the neighborhood six months prior.
While Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game, Jake is overheard by his babysitter, Debbie Kozac, as he speaks with Samantha. Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake, running off with him in the night. Meanwhile, Tom senses Jake is in danger and rushes home but finds him gone. Tom then sees strange flashes of red light that eventually leads him to the 'L' station where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake. When Tom and Maggie confront her, Debbie angrily questions them about her sister Samantha, explaining that she had an intellectual disability: having the mental capacity of an 8-year-old and thus a child's tendency to trust strangers. Tom denies knowing her to Debbie but admits to Maggie that she is the girl in his visions.
Tom becomes obsessed with Samantha and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance. This attracts the attention of his landlord Harry Damon, Tom's friend, Frank McCarthy and their respective sons Kurt Damon and Adam McCarthy, who all dismiss Samantha as a runaway teen. During an afternoon walk, Jake and Maggie encounter a funeral where Chicago policemen are saluting in a ceremony; here a policeman named Neil immediately recognizes Jake's unique talent and invites Tom to a private gathering of like-minded people to learn more about what is happening to his son. Maggie withholds her conversation with Neil from Tom and goes to the meeting herself, and Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked for something and will grow upset if it does not get done. As predicted, Samantha begins plaguing Tom, eventually leading to his insomnia. He goes back to Lisa and demands she undo what she did, but when she hypnotizes him, Samantha tells him to dig. Tom complies and digs holes in the backyard and eventually tears up the house in a desperate attempt to appease Samantha.
While Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother's wake at a relative's house, Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall in the basement and discovers Samantha's decomposed remains. He receives a vision showing him that before his family moved in, Adam and Kurt lured Samantha into the house to rape her. When she resisted, they unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body. Tom brings Frank back to the basement to disclose to him the crime. Frank breaks down and admits that Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret to him and Harry. Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone. As Tom leaves the basement, he hears a single shot.
Harry and Kurt suddenly show up. Harry, in his capacity as landlord, voices displeasure with the torn up house. They corner Tom with the intention of killing him, but Maggie interrupts them when she arrives back home. As Harry takes her hostage, Frank emerges from the basement and fatally shoots both Kurt and Harry to save Tom and Maggie. Tom notices Samantha's spirit put on her glasses and coat, she smiles as she walks down the road and slowly fades away, suggesting her soul is finally at peace and is now free to fully move on.
Afterwards, the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out of the house. Meanwhile, Samantha's mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial. Tom and Maggie smile happily as they drive away to a new neighborhood, but Jake covers his ears as they approach their new home, overwhelmed by the spirits that linger in all of the houses they pass by.
tags: suspenseful,  mystery,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  romantic, 

title: Du saram-yida
synopsis: A young girl is followed by a curse that is killing off many of her family and friends in the most brutal ways imaginable. Will she be able to discover the secret behind this murderous mystery before she too becomes it's victim?The movie begins with a child witnessing a woman's mysterious murder with her blood smearing over the television set. The child begins to slowly inch closer to the dead lady, and as he reaches out to touch the knife, her eyes open and she utters a hair-raising scream. At the opening credits newspaper articles about inexplicable murders taking place and the movie title appears on the screen.Ga-In (Yoon Jin-seo) is a full-time student in Korea with a talent for fencing. However while in school she is puzzled by a strange male student who Ga-In catches watching her. Ga-In and her family come to her aunt's, Jee-Sun, wedding. Before the wedding, Jee-Sun is pushed off of the third story balcony, and is immediately rushed to the hospital. After the rest of the family leaves the hospital, Ga-In stays behind and waits with her boyfriend, Hyun-Joong, while her aunt recovers. As they pass Jee-Sun's room, they witness Jee-Sun's younger sister, Kim Jung-Sun, repeatedly stabbing her.Kim Jung-Sun is arrested for the murder of Jee-Sun, and is held for questioning. It is soon revealed that the family believes that their family is cursed and at least one family member dies in incomprehensible ways. In this case, a hidden force possessed Jung-Sun and caused her to kill Jee-Sun. After the incident, Ga-In begins to have forewarnings, while dreaming, about a woman who was covered in blood who tells her she is next. The next day at school, Ga-In is resting in the nurse's office while another student visits her class room looking for her. He wants her to be in a PR video they are making, and explains it is important that she is the one in the video. The teacher suggests Eun-Kyung, the top student, instead, but the young man refuses. Ga-In sees a vision of a shadowy figure who frightens her with a misshapen hand. Later, Eun-Kyung visits Ga-In at the nurse's and attempts to kill her with a pair of scissors. During the struggle, Eun-Kyung is stabbed instead, and it is later revealed that she has transferred to a different school. Later that same day, while she opens the locker a deformed figure tries to grab her, Ga-In is confronted by her teacher, who then blames her for Eun-Kyung leaving and tries to kill her. Luckily, Ga-In is saved by a classmate.After a series of perilous incidents, Hong Suk-Min, an eccentric student who is rumored to have killed his own father, knows the truth about the family curse. He advises Ga-In to trust no one, including herself. After talking to Hong, she visits Kim Jung-Sun to ask her about the murder. She tells her that Jee-Sun's husband is Jung-Sun's ex-boyfriend, and she had required revenge on Jee-Sun. She tells Ga-In that an unknown force possessed her and coerced her to kill her sister.That evening, after a mysterious wind closed the gate after she received the invitation, the classmate that had saved her from the teacher has come to have his try at eliminating her by using a baseball bat. She gets away and runs inside only to find her mother throwing knives at her. Frightened, she then tells her father that she no longer feels safe inside her own home with her family, and is going to get away for a little while. Her father then tells her that there is a forgotten family member in a different village, named Hwang Dae-Yong. On the bus, Ga-In meets Hong again, and together they visit Dae-Yong.While at his home, Dae-Yong tells them that in order to not be affected by the curse that surrounds the family, Ga-In must not meet someone like herself. Dae-Yong begins telling them the story of when he learned of his wife's alleged affair. While waiting to cross the street, Dae-Yong was suddenly overwhelmed with jealousy and pushes his wife into the path of an oncoming bus. Upon being released from prison, Dae-Yong tries to find the unknown force that controls him. When Ga-in discovers a secret closet that contains past newspaper reports about savage deaths which were taking place, then while she's sleeping a deformed being try to haunt her.After Ga-In and Hong Suk-Min return home, Dae-Yong commits suicide in order to stay away from the curse. Later at school, Ga-In has an apparition of her best friend pushing her from a balcony, and glares at her with a sinister face. Ga-In realizes that she really can not trust anyone and leaves school. One night she mystifyingly wakes up in her bed and makes her way downstairs. However, recalling Suk-Min's warning, she turns around and sees her parents mysteriously killed. It is divulged that Hyun-Joong is the one who eliminates her parents, and that he had manipulated Ga-In to get close to her family to demand vengeance on Ga-In's father. Ga-In tries to fight off Hyun Joong, he stabs her for a short time as she tries to save her younger sister, and is making a scheme to set the house on fire and it will be turned into hell. Ga-In suddenly awakes and impales him. Just as he is about to strangle her, both sisters quickly regain consciousness, and finally defeats and stab him and leave him dead as the house begins to burn in a mass of flames.In the hospital, after the fire happened last night, Ga-In and Ga-Yun are placed in the same room. Ga-In is having nightmares of her aunt killed her comatose sister all the people who planned to eliminate her, and is woken by her sister Ga-Yun. Ga-In has a hallucination of Ga-Yun taking a knife from her pocket, and they both struggle and the knife ends up stabbing Ga-yun. Ga-Yun cries and asks Ga-In how she could do this to her own sister. Hong Suk-Min is then seen on the couch and exposes his true individuality, the curse. Only he can be seen by Ga-In and the people he controls. Ga-In looks down at Ga-Yun and realizes that it wasn't a knife in her pocket, but instead a burnt family photo. Hong Suk-Min then tries to eliminate Ga-In. Ga-In stabs Hong Suk-Min, but in reality she stabs herself because he is controlling her from the inside.In the epilogue, a boy is being verbally assaulted by his teacher. After the teacher leaves, Hong Suk-Min appears in a new body and asks the boy if he wants help to get back at the teacher.Credits to Wikipedia.
tags: mystery,  cruelty,  gothic,  suspenseful,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  flashback,  good versus evil,  psychedelic,  romantic,  tragedy,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Resident Evil
synopsis: In the opening shot, a voice-over narrator explains that in the early 21st Century, the Umbrella Corporation is the leading company in the world. Currently 9 out of 10 homes own products from them. But what the public doesn't know is that the Umbrella Corporation really make weapons for armies, military, etc., and also creates viral chemicals for biological and chemical warfare. And that there is the Hive; a secret Umbrella lab half-a-mile underneath Raccoon City where over 500 people live and work for the Umbrella Corporation.A man in a protective suit handles blue-tinted T-virus and its green-tinted antidote, using mechanical arms. He then puts all of them in a lockable suitcase except for one of the T-viruses, which he throws and breaks. The virus spreads out through the vents. We cut to a man drinking coffee. Another man whose face is unseen bumps into him and knocks the coffee all over him (important later). He goes into an elevator with some other people.It cuts to some people working in the lab where the virus had broken. The bio emergency alarm goes off. Everyone thinks it's a drill, but then the emergency water comes on, flooding the lab. They try to stop it, screaming at the camera to make it stop (all the cameras, which are shown a lot through the movie, are being controlled by a supercomputer called Red Queen). The doors are locked. Then gas comes on in the offices making everyone pass out. During this, the elevator mentioned earlier has stopped and starts falling. It stops at level three. One lady tries to get off but the elevator drops, stopping before her head meets the floor. The others try to pull her back in, but the elevator goes up suddenly and her head is chopped off.In the next shot, a young woman named Alice (Milla Jovovich) wakes up in a shower. Apparently she suffered a case of amnesia. She walks out into her bedroom and looks in her drawers. At the third one, she is surprised to find a gun locked up (important later). She does not know where she is. She goes into the hall and finds a picture of herself with a man. Then she sees movement, walks outside and calls out into the darkness. Suddenly birds fly out of the trees and the wind begins to pick up. She is then pulled inside by someone, and SWAT officers jump through the windows. One of them, James (Colin Salmon), also known as 'One' the leader, grabs Alice and tells her who they are. Then another officer, Rain (Michelle Rodriguez) apprehends the man, named Matt, (Eric Mabius) who tells them he's a cop.They go downstairs to an underground warehouse under the mansion , leading to railroad tracks with a parked train on it. Alice asks James who they are and why they are here. James says that they are a team sent to destroy the Red Queen (Michaela Dicker) in the Hive, an underground facility home to 500 scientists. Five hours ago a virus spread through the facility, killing everyone in it. Then James tells Alice that she had been one of the three security guards to the facility (important later). They find a train that is not working. Rain goes under to fix it. She works on it, then she hears some noises, it turns out to be one of the officers above, who scares her. Then she turns on the electricity. They go on the train and Rain is trying to close the door. Another officer, Kaplan (Martin Crewes), tries to close it, but then a man (James Purefoy) falls through after hiding in a compartment. Alice sees him and remembers that he was the man in the picture earlier. He also has no memory.Upon arrival at the Hive, the group batters down the locked steel door and tries to find the Red Queen's chamber. They pass through a hall where there is glass wall on one side. On the other side is the flooded facility. Suddenly a dead woman floats forward. Alice asks how long the amnesia will last. James says it was caused by a gas released when the virus spread, and it should last for maybe an hour. They all leave, and the dead girl opens her eyes and hits the window with her hand.Alice and the group wander into a giant room where one of the doors leads to the Red Queen chamber. Alice looks though a window in the door to see if there is anything in there. There is, but she does not know it. It turns out to be a giant monster.She, Kaplan, another man, Dana (one of the two female officers) and James enter the Red Queen's chamber. Kaplan turns on the electricity to the chamber. Dana, James, and the other man go into a smaller room. Kaplan finds the code and the door opens. Suddenly the entrance to the cube room closes. They scream for Kaplan to open it. A laser appears and quickly moves along the room towards them. James ducks, but the laser takes off the other man's fingers. Dana unfortunately gets her head lasered off. The laser disappears once it reaches the end of the room and another one appears at the far end of the room, again moving quickly towards them. One man is cut in half. When another laser comes James thinks he has worked out its route and can dodge it, but it splits into a tight grid spread right across the room. Just when Kaplan screams he's overruled the defences, James is diced. Alice and Kaplan go in through the end door. They turn on the system and a hologram of a little girl appears. She tells them that they're all going to die down here.Rain hears a noise and finds a woman. The woman looks helpless, but then lunges forward and bites Rain's hand. The other man, J:D, walks over and shoots her in the leg. She doesn't die. Then Rain shoots her with a machine gun. The girl dies. Matt picks up the keys to his handcuffs while the team looks away. When they talk, they look and see that the girl is gone. Then they hear noises of something metal dragging on the ground. It shows a zombie dragging an axe, then a bunch of blood-covered zombies come out from all directions, surrounding everyone, including Spencer (the man in the picture), Kaplan, Rain and J:D. Matt is trying to uncuff himself while everyone begins shooting. A zombie comes at Matt but is shot by Alice. They split up. Kaplan is trying to open the door using passcodes while Spencer is rushing him. Soon, J:D kills a zombie and then moves Kaplan out of the way to open the door, While failing to get remember some numbers for the code, Kaplan finally gets it right and J:D successfully unlocks the code. Then the door opens. Zombies rush through and J:D is caught, as while Rain tries to pull him back, but she gets bitten again on her right arm. They are unsuccessful and they go into the Red Queen's chamber while J:D perishes.Alice is seen wandering through a room. She notices a bunch of cages with holes in them, like something broke through them. She stops when she hears a noise. She looks and sees a zombie dog with all of its flesh gone. It chases her and she runs into a room, where there is a zombie. She punches him a few times and then kung-fu kicks him.She wonders how she did it and then remembers what James had told her about being a security guard. She had been trained in martial arts. Then a dog jumps through the window. She runs into a room and locks the door. Then she turns around and finds about five or six more zombie dogs. They run at her and she starts shooting with the gun she stole from the zombie scientist. Then another one, hiding in a cabinet jumps at her. She steps on a box, pushes her self off the wall, and kicks the dog in the face.Then we see Matt wandering through some offices. He goes to one of the cubicles and finds Dr. Lisa's, who had been shown earlier on the elevator. Then suddenly, a zombie hits the window and scares Matt.Then it cuts to the big room where all the zombies had been. The door that Alice had been observing is knocked down, and a giant ugly monster jumps through.Matt is still observing the cubicle when he hears someone. He looks and sees Lisa (Heike Makatsch), who looks innocent until she gets close. Then she tries to bite him, until Alice stabs Lisa in the back of her neck. Alice then has a flashback of her talking to Lisa about infiltrating the Umbrella Corporation and getting the virus to show the press. Then we hear Matt, who says that Lisa was his sister. Then he says that one of the workers had tried to get Lisa into the building (Alice) but betrayed her (not true).Everyone is barracaded in the control room. Matt and Alice come in with a bunch of zombies following them. They can't escape so they end up going back to the Red Queen room, where they ask the hologram how to escape. The hologram of the little girl, the Red Queen, appears and tells them all about the T-virus and how she was forced to lock up the facility to prevent the virus from escaping and contaminating the rest of the world's population.The T-virus was designed in the Umbrella Corp labs in the Hive as an experiment to prolong life, except the virus mutated and all of the people that were trapped in the underground facility when the bio scanners went off died and are now zombies who need to feed on living flesh to survive. Anyone whom is bitten or scratched by one of the zombies will become one too. As she explains all of this, the camera cuts to a deceased J:D who reanimates. Rain has already been bitten more then once. Alice asks the Red Queen how can they get away and the Red Queen agrees to help them. They go over to the corner and find the sewer entrance. They go down, but then a bunch of zombies appear and attack them from both directions. Everyone climbs on top of the pipes, but in the process, Kaplan is bitten on the leg while Rain gets bitten again on both of her arms. She then finds her gun and is shocked when she points it at a reanimated J:D. She hesitates to shoot but when she says his name, he comes close to her and bites her neck, some zombies nearly attack her but she breaks free. As a zombified J:D attempts to attack again, Rain shoots him dead.They all get to other side except for Kaplan. The pipe breaks and Kaplan falls but gets up in time. He tells them to leave. He puts a gun to his mouth. It shows Alice and she hears the shot. Turns out, Kaplan had shot a zombie and he goes around the center of the pipe standing vertical.Then Alice, the sickly Rain, Spencer, and Matt are walking through some corridors when Alice imagines people walking through and then she imagines the lab. She is looking through a window. It shows some scientist injecting the T-Virus into a rabbit and then it shows some green liquid. There is a vaccine. She tells Rain, whom by now is turning deathly pail and can barely walk. They go to where the lab was and it's flooded. Alice walks to where the vaccines should have been, but they're gone.Then Spencer has a flashback. It shows him overhearing Alice talking with Lisa about stealing a sample of the T-Virus to go public with the Umbrella Corporation's nefarious plans. Spencer decides to destroy the Hive before anything can be made public. Spencer is seen operating a machine handling the viruses, then it shows him throwing the T-Virus deliberately infecting the facility, then it shows him in a hurry walking out. He was the man in the opening shot who stole the T-Virus and was the one who bumped into the man knocking coffee all over him, then he gets out via the train. He had been hiding on the train, until J:D had opened the door and he fell through. Alice realizes it had been him and dives for the gun, but not before Spencer. He points it at Matt not knowing that there is a zombie behind him. The zombie bites him, then he shoots the zombie. He goes out the door. They think he is getting away, but then the TV turns on showing the Red Queen, who says that's not true and that I've been a bad girl.Then we see Spencer walking to the spot on the trail where he hid the vaccine. He is about to inject himself when he hears something. He looks up at the ceiling where after a few seconds, a giant monster, the Licker, is seen crawling along the ceiling. Spencer looks up towards it and says Oh my God in shock, before the Licker drops to the ground. A panicked Spencer attempts to flee, only to be quickly mauled and killed by the Licker.Back in the flooded lab the Red Queen tells Alice that in order to get the code to open the door, she must kill Rain, who is infected and dying. Rain says OK and tells Alice to kill her and give her a fire axe she takes from the wall. She keeps telling Alice to kill her and it looks like she is until she hits the screen instead. Then the Licker jumps against the glass and cracks it. It does it a few more times then disappears. Then Kaplan, thought dead, comes through a door. They are all happy until the Licker comes back. They go out where they make it to the train and Alice finds the vaccine, but not before a zombified Spencer awakens, After mocking to him with I'm missing you already, Alice kills him by bashing on his head with an axe, she then abandons her wedding ring before leaving on the train.As Kaplan drives the train back to the mansion, they inject the vaccine into Rain, who sits there talking, telling Alice she'll know what to do when the time comes. Her head falls and Alice is about to shoot her when she awakes and says she's not dead yet. Then some claws scratch through the metal, scratching Matt on the arm. They look to where they should shoot. Then the door to the cockpit opens and Kaplan perishes after the Licker pulls him out. The Licker bursts through the train and tries to kill Alice, who shoots it in the head. But the Licker keeps on coming and its tongue wraps around her leg, which she stabs. She tells Matt to knock it out the train, but then Rain awakens and has transformed into a zombie. She tries to bite Matt, who then shoots her in the head, killing her. The zombified Rain lands at the button, which pushes and opens the floor door where the Licker is standing on. The Licker drops out and gets squashed by the train, where it is burned to death. Alice then shuts the floor door which cuts the Licker's tongue, finally killing it for good.Matt and Alice get out just in time before the emergency doors close. Matt tells Alice that with the vaccine and the T-Virus sample, they will make public about what Umbrella Corporation is really doing when he drops to the floor complaining of pain in his arm. Suddenly, bunch of protectively-clothed scientists burst through the door. They take Matt and say that they're going to put him the Nemesis program when they see that he is infected and his scratch wounds on his arm begin pulsating. Then they take Alice and we hear them ordering her to be quarantined to check for the T-Virus. We hear them say that they're going back in the Hive to find out what when on down there....Alice wakes up in a white room with cords sticking in her head and arm. She rips them out. Then she goes to the mirror and screams for them to let her out. Something whose face is not seen walks by the opposite side. She goes over to the door and gets a needle which she jams into the door code opener. She finds that she is in the Raccoon City Hospital and the place appears deserted. She walks outside in Raccoon City and sees that everything is destroyed. There are no people or bodies anywhere. It shows a newspaper headlined The Dead Walk! It is apparent the the T-Virus has escaped from the Hive and has now infected the entire city. Then she walks over to an abandoned cop car, stealing a pump action shotgun.The final shot shows Alice pump the shotgun and standing in the middle of the deserted street which then pans out showing the destroyed city.
tags: murder,  suicidal,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  action, 

title: The Sixth Sense
synopsis: Malcolm Crowe, a child psychologist in Philadelphia, returns home one night with his wife, Anna, after having been honored for his work. Anna tells Crowe that everything is second to his work, and that she believes he is truly gifted. A young man then appears in their bathroom, and accuses Crowe of failing him. Crowe recognizes him as Vincent Grey, a former patient whom he treated as a child for hallucinations. Vincent shoots his former doctor before killing himself.
The next fall, Crowe begins working with another patient, nine-year-old Cole Sear, whose case is similar to Vincent's. Crowe becomes dedicated to the boy, though he is haunted by doubts over his ability to help him after his failure with Vincent. Meanwhile, he and his wife seldom, if ever, speak or do anything together. Crowe feels he must help Cole in order to rectify his failure to help Vincent and reconcile with his wife. Cole's mother, Lynn worries about his social stamina, especially after seeing signs of physical abuse. Cole eventually confides his secret to Crowe: he sees ghosts, who walk around like the living unaware they are dead.
At first, Crowe thinks Cole is delusional and considers dropping his case. Remembering Vincent, the psychologist listens to an audiotape from a session with Vincent when he was a child. On the tape, when Crowe leaves the room, Vincent begins crying. Turning up the volume, Crowe hears a weeping man begging for help in Spanish, and now believes that Cole is telling the truth and that Vincent may have had the same ability. He suggests to Cole that he should try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts and perhaps aid them with their unfinished business. At first, Cole is unwilling since the ghosts terrify and sometimes even threaten him, but he finally decides to attempt helping.
Cole talks to one of the ghosts, a young girl named Kyra who recently died after a chronic illness. He goes with Crowe to her funeral reception at her home, where Kyra directs him to a box holding a videotape, which he then gives to her father. The tape shows Kyra's mother poisoning her daughter's food. By proving she was a victim of Munchausen syndrome by proxy, Cole has saved Kyra's younger sister, the mother's next victim.
Learning to live with the ghosts he sees, Cole begins to fit in at school and is cast as the lead in the school play, which Crowe attends. The doctor and patient depart on positive terms and Cole suggests to Crowe that he should try speaking to Anna while she is asleep. Later, while stuck in traffic, Cole confesses his secret to his mother, saying that someone died in an accident ahead of their traffic and he knows because the person is next to him. Although his mother at first does not believe him, Cole proves his ability to her by talking about how his grandmother visits him. He describes how his grandmother saw his mother in a dance performance, even though Lynn thought her mother was not there. He further relays the answer to a question his mother privately asked at her mother's grave. When Cole says that his grandmother feels proud of Lynn, his mother tearfully accepts the truth and they hug each other.
Crowe returns home, where he finds his wife asleep with their wedding video playing. While still asleep, Anna asks her husband why he left her, and drops Crowe's wedding ring, which he suddenly discovers he has not been wearing. He remembers what Cole said about ghosts and realizes that he was actually killed by Vincent and was unknowingly dead the entire time he was working with Cole. Because of Cole's efforts, Crowe's unfinished business – rectifying his failure to understand and help Vincent – is finally complete. Crowe fulfills the second reason he returned: to tell his wife she was never second, and that he loves her. His goal complete, he is free to leave the world of the living.
tags: psychological,  mystery,  boring,  paranormal,  dramatic,  cult,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  tragedy,  suspenseful,  sentimental, 

title: Halloween: Resurrection
synopsis: Three years after the events at Hillcrest Academy, Laurie Strode has been confined to psychiatric facility after killing a paramedic instead of her brother Michael Myers. The paramedic had located the body of Myers in the dining hall of Hillcrest Academy; Myers attacked him, and crushed his larynx so he wouldn't cry out, and switched clothing and his mask. It was actually the paramedic that Laurie had beheaded. As Laurie drove the coroner's van out of the school, Myers in the paramedic's clothing walked out of the school grounds and went into hiding.
On October 31, 2001, Laurie, pretending to be heavily medicated, prepares herself for the inevitable confrontation with her brother. Michael appears and kills two security guards, decapitating one and slitting the throat of the other as he makes his way to Laurie. After a chase, Laurie lures Michael into a trap; as she attempts to kill him, Michael feigns confusion and pretends to struggle with his mask. Unable to risk killing another innocent person, Laurie starts to remove his mask to make sure that it is her brother. Myers quickly gains the upper hand and stabs Laurie in the back before sending her off the roof to her death.
The following year, college students Bill Woodlake, Donna Chang, Jen Danzig, Jim Morgan, Rudy Grimes, and Sara Moyer win a competition to appear on an Internet reality show Dangetainment, directed by Freddie Harris and his friend Nora Winston, in which they have to spend a night in Michael's childhood home in order to figure out what led him to kill. On Halloween, equipped with head-cameras as well as the cameras throughout the house, they search the house and separate into three groups. Sara's messaging friend Deckard watches the broadcast during a Halloween party. Meanwhile, Michael appears in his home and stabs Bill in the head, and kills a cameraman.
Donna and Jim begin getting intimate in the basement and a wall filled with corpses falls on them. Jim realizes the corpses are fake and the show is a setup. Jim leaves, but Donna notices a tunnel behind the fallen wall. Myers chases her through the tunnels before impaling her on a spike on the wall. At the party, Deckard and other partygoers witness the murder. Deckard realizes that the murder was real, but the others believe it is an act. Freddie goes through the house dressed as Michael, but is secretly followed by the real Myers. Freddie, mistaking Michael for Charlie (the cameraman who had been killed earlier), tells him to go to the garage and help Nora out; he goes to the garage and promptly kills Nora.
When Rudy, Sara, and Jim find Freddie in the Myers costume, he reveals the scheme to them and begs them to cooperate, telling them that he's set up a nice payday for all of them. When he leaves, the trio decides to gather up the other three and leave. But before they can, Jen discovers the body of Bill (who was stabbed in the head and vanished earlier) and is decapitated by Myers right in front of Rudy, Sara, and Jim. Rudy and Sara flee, but Jim stays to fend off Myers only to have his head crushed. Myers kills Rudy by pinning him to the door with kitchen knives before chasing Sara upstairs.
Locking herself in a bedroom, Sara begs for Deckard to help her. The other party goers realize that the deaths have not been staged. With Deckard messaging her Myers' location, Sara escapes and is found by Freddie. Myers finds and attacks them. Freddie is injured and Sara makes her way to the tunnels. She finds an exit near Donna's body and emerges in the garage, where Myers finds her and starts an electrical fire in the garage. Freddie returns and begins fighting Myers hand-to-hand. When he is overpowered, Freddie instead electrocutes Myers, tangling him up in electrical wiring before carrying Sara out of the burning garage.
The Myers house burns to the ground. Myers' body and the bodies of his victims are then taken to the morgue. As the medical examiner begins to examine Myers' body, he awakens.
tags: mystery,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  good versus evil,  satire,  revenge, 

title: Get Out
synopsis: In the opening scene, a young black man named Dre (Keith Stanfield) is walking alone at night through a perfectly manicured suburban street. A little sports car pulls up and starts slowly tracking him. Andre gets spooked, says, fuck this shit, and changes directions to briskly walk back the way he came. When he turns to see what the car did, he sees its parked where it was, but the door is open. From out of nowhere, a man in a medieval helmet attacks the black guy and drags his body to the car.Rose (Allison Williams) shows up to her photographer boyfriend Chris's (Daniel Kaluuya) apartment with pastries and coffee. They're getting ready to go away for the weekend to visit her family and hes concerned that they don't know she's dating a black guy. She assures him that, while they will likely say some stupid things, they are incredibly progressive. Her dad would have even voted for Obama a third time if he could have. He makes sure hes the only black guy Rose has ever dated. She says he is, but is confident that her parents will be totally cool.On the ride to her parents home, Chris goes for a cigarette, but Rose takes it and throws it out the window. She tells him that parents would really frown on her dating a smoker. Chris calls his buddy Rod (LilRel Howery), a TSA agent and reminds him to take care of his dog and not to feed him human food. Rod berates Chris about going to visit the white folk and says its a bad idea (Rod does not approve of his friend Chris dating a white woman). He also flirts with Rose a little bit. Chris gets a little jealous and Rose thinks its sweet. While they're deep in conversation and not entirely paying attention to the road, a deer darts out in front of the car and is hit.They pull over to investigate and call the police. The police show up and ask what they're doing in the area. Rose tells them that they're visiting her family who live nearby. The officer asks to see Chris's ID, but Rose steps in and says that because he wasn't driving there's no need for that. The officer lets them go and Chris tells Rose that was hot the way she stood up for him to the racist policeman.Chris and Rose arrive at her parents home. Her father, Dean Armitage (Bradley Whitford) is an affable neurosurgeon who, yes, tells Chris that he would have voted for Obama a third time if he could have. Her mother, Missy (Catherine Keener) is a strangely cold hypnotherapist. She offers to cure Chris of his nicotine addiction through hypnosis, but he doesn't feel cool with people tooling around in his head.The Armitages also have two onsite black helpers. Walter (Marcus Henderson) the groundskeeper and Georgina (Betty Gabriel) the maid/housekeeper. Dean acknowledges that it looks bad, two wealthy white people having two helpers who are black, but they were hired to take care of his parents and Dean would have felt bad letting them go. There's definitely something off about both Walter and Georgina. They have a definite stiff Stepford artificial politeness about them. They also both speak using dated vernacular.Dean gives Chris a tour of the house and shows him old family photos. Dean claims that his father was a track runner who was beat out by Jesse Owens to compete in the 1936 Olympics in front of Hitler. And while that was sad for his dad, it was still great to have Hitler's Aryan idealism proven wrong. There is also photos of Rose's brother who will be joining them later. He's a surgeon like his dad, but he went through a rough patch.The family gets together for afternoon tea. Missy asks about Chris's parents. Chris claims that his father left when he was young and his mother died after she hit by a car when he was age 11. Georgina sort of short circuits while pouring tea and Missy tells her to go lay down and get some rest. The Armitages tell Rose that they're having their big party tomorrow. She's surprised and they remind her that it's the same day every year. Rose's brother Jeremy (Caleb Landry Jones) arrives. He's an aggressively spoiled rich kid.That night the family has dinner and a drunk Jeremy starts talking to Chris about MMA fighting. He says that because Chris comes from a hearty stock he'd be a natural. He wants to spar, but Chris says that he has rules about play fighting with drunks. Dean and Missy tell Jeremy that maybe its time for him to go to bed.Chris and Rose retire to their room where she apologizes for her family and they go to sleep. In the middle of the night, Chris gets up and decides to sneak out for a cigarette. While outside he sees something in the distance charging him. It's Walter! He heads straight for Chris, but makes a sharp turn at the last moment and runs off in another direction. Inside the house, Georgina is staring out a window. It turns out she's looking at her own reflection, not Chris. She adjusts her hair and Chris decides to head back inside.Before Chris can make it back to his room, Missy turns on a light and startles him. She tells him that smoking is a bad habit and offers again to help him quit. He sits down and mocks the notion of hypnotism unaware of the fact that she's slowly hypnotizing him while using her tea spoon as a focus object. She takes him back to when he was 11 on the night his mom died. Chris tells Missy that his mother didn't come home from work and he was took scared to do anything about it. He was afraid that if he called the police it would make it real. So he just sat there watching television nervously digging his nails into his bedposts. Present day Chris is doing the same thing, digging his nails into the arms of the chair. She tells him to sink and 11 year old Chris sinks into his bed, while present day Chris sinks into blackness seeing himself and Missy far above. His consciousness has left his body, while his body is still paralyzed in his chair.He wakes in the morning and checks his phone. Rod has sent Chris a picture of him pretending to give his dog beer. His battery is low, so he plugs it in. Chris tells Rose that he thinks maybe her mom hypnotized him last night. He has vague recollections of the evening.The Armitages wealthy friends start to show up for the big party. Its mostly older white people who say a lot of inappropriate things to Chris like how he has a good build, because Tiger Woods golfs he must have a good swing too, are black guys better in bed, etc. Chris sneaks off and finds a blind man named Jim Hudson (Stephen Root) who says that all the people at the party are ignorant. He's an art dealer and Chris is well aware of who he is. Jim says that he's a fan of Chris's work. He recognizes the irony of a blind art dealer, but tells him that he has a really good assistant who is great at describing pieces. He envies Chris's eye. Jim says that he himself tried photography, but was never very good at it.Chris goes back to mingling with the guests and discovers another black guy in attendance. It's a young guy about his age. Chris tries to bond with him, but he too is stiff and unnatural like Walter and Georgina. (Note: a sharp eye will notice that this man is Dre from the opening of the movie.) There's something about him that seems familiar to Chris though.Chris decides to check in with Rod again. When he returns to his phone he finds it unplugged again. He plugs it in and calls Rod to tell him everything that's been going on. Rod tells him that white people love to have sex slaves and he needs to get out of there. Rose finds Chris and he tells her how weird everything is and that his phone was unplugged again. She tells him he's just being paranoid because he's in an uncomfortable situation. He agrees and she leaves. Rod tells Chris to take a picture of the black guy and he will see if he remembers him. As Chris is about to leave, hes blocked by Georgina who apologizes for unplugging his cellular phone. She was dusting the night stand and lifted it up. That's when it came unplugged and she didn't want to mess with it further. He says that its fine and hopes that he didn't mean to rat her out. She doesn't understand. So he clarifies that he didn't mean to get her in trouble. She gets super weird and lets out a single tear while telling him that the Armitages treat her like family.Chris goes back outside and tries to discreetly take the familiar black man's picture with his cell phone, but has forgotten to turn off the flash. As soon as his phone flashes, the man changes. He goes from overly prim and proper to raving. His nose starts bleeding and he jumps at Chris telling him, Get out! Get the fuck out while you still can!Rose is freaked out now too. She asks her dad what happened and he explains that the flash just caused the man to have a seizure. The man comes out and apologies for upsetting everyone and says he must return home. Chris and Rose go for a walk and Chris tells her that he's sure he recognizes the guy and that something strange is definitely going on. She agrees by saying that it did not seem like a seizure at all. Chris says that he'd really like to go home now. Rose reluctantly agrees. She says she will make up something to tell her parents.Back at the house, Dean is holding an auction with his guests. Next to him is a picture of Chris. Jim Hudson has won the auction. The rest of the guests all go home.Chris goes back to pack his belongings and gets a call from Rod who tells him that the guy in the picture is a guy named Dre whom they knew who used to work at a movie theater, but went missing some weeks ago. The phone battery dies. Chris notices the closet door is open. He looks inside and finds a box filled with photos of Rose posed romantically with many other black guys. Also there are photos of her with both Walter and Georgina who don't look at all like the robotic versions of themselves we've come to know so far. Apparently Chris isn't the first black guy Rose has been with after all!Rose returns and Chris says that he needs the keys to put their bags in the car. She looks for them in her purse as they make their way out of the house. Suddenly, Jeremy appears blocking the front door. Dean and Missy are there too. Jeremy is ready to attack, but Missy and Dean tell him to calm down. Chris keeps telling Rose to get the keys. Missy and Dean tell Chris that they don't want him to leave. Chris asks for the keys again and Rose says, very calmly: You know I can't give you the keys. Chris finally realizes that Rose too is in on whatever this is. Jeremy attacks Chris. Dean yells and Missy clinks he tea spoon on her glass causing Chris to sink back into the dark void again.Meanwhile, Rod keeps trying to call Chris, but it keeps going straight to voicemail. He looks up the picture of the guy in the photo and sees that he went missing some time ago, so he goes to the police. He tells a female officer that his boy was kidnapped by white folk to be a sex slave just like the missing guy in the picture. She calls in two more officers to listen to Rod's story. When he finishes, they all burst out laughing. No one is going to take him seriously.Chris wakes up to find himself tied to a chair in front of a mounted deer head and an old TV. He watches a video made by Dean's father that talks about immortality and stuff like that. Chris sees that his finger nails have clawed through the leather arm of the chair and exposed the padding. The teacup and spoon appear on the screen again. TING TING TING and he's out.Rod tries Chris's phone again and Rose answers. She lies by saying that Chris left two days ago and is concerned about his whereabouts too. Rose says that Chris left in a taxi or an Uber maybe. Rod tells her that he went to the police and she seems concerned about this. He starts to realize that something is wrong, so he tries to record the call. When he goes back to talking to her, she tells him she knows that he has the hots for her. He tells her she's a crazy bitch and hangs up.Chris wakes up and Jim Hudson is on the screen. He tells Chris that they're going to swap brains. The other people at the party were all about being black, but Jim couldn't give less of a shit about that. What he really wants is to be able to see the world through Chris's eyes. Dean has perfected the neurosurgery to make this all possible. And Missy hypnotizes the body donors to prep them for the procedure. He will continue existing in the dark void, but will be able to continue on as sort of a passenger. The flashing is an unfortunate side effect as they saw earlier at the party. TING TING TING of the teaspoon and Chris is out again.Dean and Jeremy prep Jim Hudson for a brain transplant. Dean tells Jeremy to go get Chris. Jeremy goes down the hall, we see now were in the basement of the house, and finds Chris unconscious. He takes of his restraints and gets an I.V. ready. Chris wasn't unconscious after all. He stuffed the padding from the chair in his ears to block the sound of the tea spoon. He knocks out Jeremy.Dean starts calling for Jeremy and goes out of the lab area to check on him. Chris rushes him and impales him with the deer antlers from the other room. He knocks over a candle that ignites the blanket covering Jim Hudson too.Rose has earbuds in and isn't aware any of this is going on.Chris goes upstairs and finds Missy. She goes for the tea cup and spoon, but Chris beats her to them and smashes them. Instead she attacks him with a knife, but he turns it on her and stabs her to death. Chris goes for the front door again, but Jeremy has returned and puts him in a choke hold. Chris breaks free and finally kills Jeremy. He runs outside and gets in Jeremy's car. On the passenger seat is the medieval helmet from earlier. He starts down the driveway, but hits Georgina. He can't just let her lay there like his mom did, so he gets her in the car and continues down the driveway. She wakes up and attacks him. In the process her wig falls off and we see she has a scar across her head from a brain transplant too. They crash into a tree and she dies.Suddenly, the rear view mirror is blown away. Rose is coming after Chris with a gun. He begs her to stop, but she's more worried about the condition of her grandma. (Note: Georgina was the vessel in which Rose's grandmother's brain is now housed!) Rose shoots again and misses Chris. From out of nowhere, Walter runs in an tackles Chris. He takes the gun from Rose and she says, kill him grandpa. Walter aims at Chris, but Chris takes his picture. Flash! Walter turns and shoots Rose instead. Then he takes the gun and shoots himself in the head.Rose is on the ground bleeding out. Chris gets to his feet and then a police car pulls up. Rose smiles with her last breath. The door opens and it's Rod. Chris gets in the car. Rod looks at the chaos and says, Man, I told you not to go in that house.
tags: murder,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  satire,  revenge, 

title: Opera
synopsis: When Mara Cecova, the arrogant and ill-tempered star of an avant-garde production of the Verdi opera of Macbeth, is injured after getting hit by a car outside the theater after arguing and insulting the director and theater people, Cecova's young understudy, Betty, is informed of the incident and is given the coveted role of Lady Macbeth. In spite of her initial sense of foreboding, Betty is an instant success with her performance.However, an anonymous opera buff finds his way into the opera house on the opening night, watching Betty's performance from an empty box. When a meddlesome stagehand finds him watching and orders him to leave, the unseen fan murders the stagehand by impaling him to a coat-hook.After the show, Betty's boyfriend, Stefan, shows up in her dressing room to congratulate her and invites her back to his apartment for some intimate time. Afterwards, while Stefan gets up out of bed to make some tea for Betty and himself, the unseen killer breaks into the apartment where he attacks and overpowers Betty, ties her to a pillar, and forces her to watch him kill Stefan when he returns to the bedroom by stabbing him to death. The killer tapes a row of needles beneath each of her eyes so she won't shut them while he makes her watch. Afterwards, the hooded, masked killer unties Betty and then flees.Disturbed by a half-hidden childhood recollection of the same hooded killer murdering her own mother several years earlier, Betty chooses not to go to the police and instead confides in Marco, the director of Macbeth, about the incident and that the killer may know her.The next day, Inspector Alan Santini arrives at the opera house where he questions the staff about Stefan's murder as well as probes an apparent connected attack on the troubled production's pet ravens when three of them were found dead after the show. Betty arrives at the opera house for rehearsals, but choosing to avoid Inspector Santini, hides out in her dressing room where she calls her agent, the motherly Mira, for advice on what to do about this.Later that day, Betty meets with the wardrobe seamstress Giulia when her costume is found slashed to pieces. While Giulia fixes the dress, she finds a gold bracelet sewn onto it. While Betty and Giulia try to find what the faded words on the bracelet say, the killer arrives and again ties up Betty, taping needles under her eyes while he attacks Giulia to retrieve the bracelet. But Giulia puts up a fight, knocking the killer down to the floor with an iron. But Giulia makes the mistake of removing the killer's mask, which results in the unseen killer stabbing her to death. When Giulia, with her dying breath, inadvertently swallows the bracelet, the killer has to cut into her throat with scissors to retrieve it. He puts his mask back on and again unties Betty before fleeing.When Betty flees to her apartment, she is met in the lobby by Inspector Santini and tells him about the latest murder and that the killer may be after her. Santini promises to send Betty a detective to keep guard over her. A little later, while Betty struggles with her vision after applying eye drops, a man identifying himself as Inspector Soavie arrives to look after her. Some time later, Mira arrives and tells Betty that she talked with a man in the lobby claiming to be Inspector Soavie. Unsure of which one is the imposter, Betty and Mira hide while the figure claiming to be Soavie receives a phone call and leaves the apartment. While Betty tries to call the police, Mira hears a knock on the front door.Mira demands the visitor identify himself, and is not convinced when he shows police ID and a gun. As she looks the peep hole, she gets shot through the peep hole by the killer trying to gain access into the apartment. Betty is forced to hide as the killer breaks in, and she comes across the real Inspector Soavie who stumbles into the apartment after being fatally stabbed. After a game of cat-and-mouse in the apartment with the half-blind Betty trading gunshots at the hooded killer with Soavie's gun, she escapes through a ventilation shaft when a little neighbor girl helps her escape into her apartment down the hallway. The little girl's abusive single mother arrives home where she yells at the little girl for having company over and tells Betty to leave.Betty returns to the opera house and meets with Marco. He tells her that he has a plan to entrap the killer, while Betty begins to think about a further connection to the killer and her long-dead mother whom was also abusive towards her.The following night, Betty once again takes the stage as Lady Macbeth, but her performance is interrupted when Marco unleashes a flock of vengeful ravens into the audience. Recognizing the face of their attacker from the previous night, the birds swoop down on him sitting in the audience, gouging out one of his eyes. The murderer, whom is revealed to be Inspector Santini, attempts to shoot at Betty on stage, but she evades the bullets, while Santini evades capture, and subsequently pounces on Betty as she is recovering in her dressing room.Dragging her to a far-flung corner of the building, he reveals to her the motive behind his persecution of her: Santini was once her mother's young teenage lover, cruelly murdering young women at Betty's mother's behest, by tying them up and staging the killings in front of her. But when Betty's psycho mother became increasingly greedy for sado-sexual thrills of the murders, Santini murdered her too, while Betty witnessed the event from behind a partly open door. Now, many years later, Santini's desire to kill has been rekindled by Betty's appearance, which he sees as her mother's reincarnation. Blindfolding Betty and tying her to a chair, Santini stages his own death by setting fire to the room and apparently himself. Betty manages to break free and escapes from the blaze to be comforted by Marco.Betty and Marco leave Rome, traveling to the Swiss Alps to a house that Marco owns so she can recuperate. However, when he hears a radio broadcast that the man though to have been burned alive was Santini was in fact a clothed mannequin, Marco yells for Betty to run away. Santini shows up at the house to finish what he started and urders the housekeeper. Betty flees into the nearby woods with Santini in pursuit. Marco takes on the murderous policeman only to get stabbed to death. Betty then distracts Santini by coming onto him long enough to bash him on the head with a rock, and he is then set upon and dragged away by the police. With her nightmare experience finally over, Betty wanders though an empty meadow to find solace in nature. There, Betty finds an ugly lizard trapped in the grass and releases it, telling it to go free.
tags: suspenseful,  cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  atmospheric,  insanity,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: Sin City
synopsis: The Customer is Always RightIn Basin City, The Man (Josh Hartnett) approaches the stunningly beautiful Customer (Marley Shelton) on the balcony of a penthouse apartment. They chat and seem to fall in love. The woman talks about how she's tired of running. The Man suddenly shoots her with a silenced pistol, as she had earlier arranged for him to do. The Man says he'll cash her check in the morning.That Yellow BastardHartigan (Bruce Willis) races to the docks to prevent Junior (Nick Stahl) from raping and murdering 11-year-old Nancy. As he drives, his voiceover reveals that it's the day before he's supposed to retire from the Basin City police force because of a heart condition. His partner, Bob (Michael Madsen) tries to stop him, arguing that Hartigan has a bad heart. Hartigan tells Bob that backup will arrive too late and Nancy will have been killed & then knocks Bob out. After disarming Junior's henchmen, Hartigan corners Junior on a pier. Junior tries to use Nancy as a shield but Hartigan is too good of a shot, and blows off Junior's ear and pistol hand before shooting him in the groin. But before Hartigan can finish him off, Bob shoots Hartigan in the back. Junior's father is a powerful senator and Bob knows who calls the shots. Hartigan goads Bob into shooting him several more times to keep him from killing Nancy before more police officers arrive.The Hard GoodbyeMarv (Mickey Rourke) is a frighteningly ugly, brutish man. Although he does not flinch from violence -- and even enjoys it in many circumstances -- he has a strong moral code by which he lives. He is surprised when the stunningly beautiful Goldie (Jaime King) comes to him and professes her love. They make love and fall asleep in each others arms. When Marv awakens, she is dead. Marv is bewildered because he believes no one can sneak up on him. Then the nearly immediate arrival of the police lets Marv know that he has been set up. He fights his way through the hail of bullets with which the police officers greet him and makes his way to the apartment of Lucille (Carla Gugino), his stunningly beautiful lesbian parole officer. She gives him the medication he needs to maintain his sanity as he explains to her that he is on a mission to find who is responsible for Goldie's death and brutally kill them.Marv makes the rounds of Basin City's criminal element to find out who ordered Goldie's death and his framing. The road leads to a priest (a cameo by Frank Miller), to whom Marv confesses his sins. Marv then points a gun at the priest, who tells him that the person behind the crime was Cardinal Roark (Rutger Hauer), the most powerful man in Basin City and the brother of Senator Roark. Marv kills the priest when he suggests that Goldie was a slut. However, even Marv pauses before going after Cardinal Roark. Instead he goes to the Roark family farm house where he is assaulted by the superhumanly agile Kevin (Elijah Wood), who knocks Marv out with a sledgehammer. Marv regains consciousness in a basement cell. The walls are adorned with the heads of young women; they're other Basin City prostitutes. In the corner cowers Lucille. She informs him that Kevin is a cannibal and has cut off her hand and eaten it before her eyes. She also tells him that powerful people are willing to protect Kevin and that she was under suspicion as soon as she began to investigate Goldie's death on Marv's behalf. Goldie and some of the other prostitutes of Basin City had been servicing the upper echelons of the clergy and Goldie learned of Kevin's evil tendencies. She then went to Marv for help. Marv busts out of his and Lucille's prison. A SWAT team arrives at the farm. Lucille is killed by them while trying to surrender herself and Marv, setting Marv off on another of his rampages. Marv tortures the last cop left alive, who confirms that Cardinal Roark was behind Goldie's murder.Marv is captured by a woman who looks exactly like Goldie. She takes him back to Basin City where she interrogates him brutally. Her name is Wendy, and she is Goldie's twin sister. She believes that Marv is responsible for Goldie's death. When he explains to her and the other prostitutes the truth, she agrees to help him get revenge. They go to a hardware supply store and buy what Marv will need to kill Kevin and drive to The Farm. Marv takes another beating from Kevin but tricks him into getting too close; Marv handcuffs Kevin to his own wrist, neutralizing his leaping ability. Marv slowly dismembers Kevin and allows Kevin's pet wolf to eat him. Kevin, as ever, remains silent. Marv then takes Kevin's head to Cardinal Roark. Roark freely admits that Kevin was his protege and that they both were cannibals, justifying their actions because they only killed and ate prostitutes. Marv brutally kills Cardinal Roark. The police arrive and shoot Marv down. Marv receives surgery for his wounds and spends months in the hospital recovering. When he's released, the police beat him severely & get him to sign a confession after they threaten to harm his mother. He's put on trial not only for the murder of Cardinal Roark but all of Kevin's crimes, as well and is sentenced to death. Wendy visits him on Death Row and permits Marv to call her Goldie. They spend the night together. The next day, Marv is sent to the electric chair. It takes two massive jolts of electricity to do the trick.The Big Fat KillJackie Boy (Benicio del Toro) tries to persuade Shellie (Brittany Murphy) to let him and his thuggish friends into her apartment. She delays them because Dwight (Clive Owen), her new lover, is there. While Dwight dresses in the bathroom, Shellie lets Jackie Boy in to avoid violence. He smacks her anyway then goes into the bathroom to urinate. After he has finished, Dwight sneaks up behind Jackie and holds a straight razor to his throat. He tells Jackie to leave Shellie alone from then on & then dunks his head in the toilet. Rattled and embarrassed, Jackie Boy leaves. Dwight knows they are headed for Old Town in Basin City, where they can get prostitutes and abuse them. Despite Shellie's pleas not to, he decides to follow them and end their crime spree. But he doesn't need to bother, because the self-motivated prostitutes, led by the stunningly beautiful Gail (Rosario Dawson), are more than up to the task of defending themselves and their territory. They kill Jackie Boy and his gang and then proceed to loot the corpses. Dwight goes through Jackie Boy's pockets and discovers why Shellie begged Dwight not to follow him: Jackie Boy is really Iron Jack Rafferty, a police officer. If it becomes known that Jackie Boy was killed by the prostitutes, it would end the fragile agreement between the police and prostitutes that keeps the mob out of Old Town. And Jackie Boy was seen entering Old Town by other police officers. Dwight decides to take the bodies to the tar pits and dump them before the police can arrive. Gail protests but because they have an impossible love for one another, they relent. One of the other prostitutes, the silent but beautiful Miho (Devin Aoki), uses her skill with swords to dismember the bodies which are then put in a beat up old car for Dwight to drive. Jackie Boy's body couldn't fit in the trunk, so they prop him up on the passenger seat. On his way to the tar pits, Dwight imagines a conversation with Jackie -- Jackie taunts Dwight about hearing voices in his head and that the girls of Old Town gave him a car with a nearly empty tank. When Dwight is followed by a cop, he suddenly slams the brakes, smashing Jackie's face into the dashboard. The cop assumes Dwight is driving a drunk friend home and lets him go.Dwight barely makes it to the tar pits but is ambushed by Irish mercenaries who want to take Jackie Boy's body to the police. After a battle, the mercenaries are able to take Jackie Boy's head. They leave Dwight to drown in the tar pits. He is rescued by Miho and Dallas, who had followed him. They catch up with the mercenaries after a short car chase and kill them and retrieve Jackie Boy's head.Dwight realizes that the prostitutes have a traitor in their midst, someone who has thrown her lot in with the mob. It turns out to be Becky (Alexis Bledel), who phoned Manute (Michael Clarke Duncan) to let him know about Dwight's trip to the tar pits. Manute kidnaps Gail and holds her for ransom. Dwight calls and offers to exchange Jackie Boy's head for Gail. They meet in an alley behind Manute's headquarters. Manute announces his intention to kill them all anyway. Dwight has packed Jackie Boy's head with explosives which he then detonates. The other prostitutes open fire on Manute and his men from the rooftops above, killing many of them. Slightly wounded, Becky slips away.That Yellow Bastard (continued)We return to Hartigan's story, where we find he's survived Bob's hail of gunfire. Senator Roark (Powers Boothe) will personally pay for Hartigan's surgery so he can go on trial for assaulting Junior. Roark believed Junior could have been president one day and now won't even be able to give him a grandson. Hartigan will be tried for Junior's crimes as well. Young Nancy visits Hartigan in the hospital and promises to write him while he is in prison. Hartigan spends eight years in solitary confinement, unbroken and refusing to confess to any crimes. His only solace is the letters he receives from Nancy, who is careful to conceal her identity and location. Then, one day, the letters stop. Worried that Nancy has been discovered and wanting to protect her again, Hartigan confesses to everything in exchange for his release. Bob meets him at the prison gates and apologizes for double-crossing Hartigan. He drives Hartigan to Nancy's apartment. It has been broken into but there is no sign of Nancy. Discovering a matchbook from a sleazy bar in her apartment, Hartigan decides to check there to see if anybody knows Nancy. At the club he is disturbed to learn (from barmaid Shellie) that Nancy (Jessica Alba), now nineteen and stunningly beautiful, is an erotic dancer. We catch a glimpse of Marv. Hartigan also recognizes a misshapen, canary-yellow man, the Yellow Bastard of the title, in the bar who gave off an unpleasant odor and had once beaten him in his cell. Hartigan realizes he has been set up to lead the forces of evil to Nancy. He tries to leave the bar before Nancy recognizes him but it is too late. She leaps off the stage and kisses him passionately.They leave together in her car. The Yellow Bastard follows them and begins shooting at their car. Hartigan returns fire, wounding the Bastard and causing him to crash his car. Nancy and Hartigan go back to examine the accident but the Bastard's body is missing. They go to a motel where Nancy confesses her love for Hartigan. Hartigan admits he feels the same way but is reluctant to act on his feelings. The Bastard surprises them. He reveals that he is Junior; his new skin tone and misshapen appearance is due to experimental procedures Senator Roark had put him through so his genitalia would grow back. He hangs Hartigan by a noose and takes Nancy back to the Farm to brutalize and kill her. Before they leave, Hartigan gravely tells Nancy not to scream -- Junior can only be sexually satisfied if his victim screams. Hartigan survives the hanging, frees himself and follows them to the Farm. While the Bastard tries to whip Nancy into screaming -- she only taunts him about his impotence -- Hartigan kills the police officers standing guard. He confronts the Bastard in the barn. He stabs the Bastard in the chest, rips off his genitals, then beats his head into a pulp, finally killing him. Nancy watches with joy and love. Hartigan sends her home, telling her that he has to wait for the police so he can give them the true story and reveal Roark's corruption once and for all. However, Hartigan knows that as long as he is alive Roark will come after him and Nancy to get revenge for Junior's death. To sever Roark's only lead to Nancy, Hartigan commits suicide.The Customer is Always Right (continued)At the Basin City hospital, Becky talks on her cell phone to her mother. She gets in the elevator and sees The Man. Knowing who he is, she says goodbye to her mother for the last time.
tags: comedy,  cruelty,  murder,  bleak,  cult,  action,  suspenseful,  revenge,  neo noir,  horror,  psychedelic,  comic,  tragedy,  atmospheric,  good versus evil,  insanity,  entertaining,  storytelling,  dark,  realism,  violence,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: Il gatto a nove code
synopsis: Franco Arno (Karl Malden) a middle-aged blind man is walking down a street at night with his niece Lori (Cinzia De Carolis) when they pass by a man in a car. Franco overhears him mention blackmail. Franco bends over, feigning tying his shoes and asks Lori to describe the man in the parked car. Lori does, but says that she cannot see the other man clearly. They walk back to Franco's apartment nearby and while Lori sleeps, Franco works on a puzzle when he hears a noise. Outside, the unseen man in the parked car gets out and knocks out a night watchman by the gate of a large medical complex that stands right next to the apartment building where Franco lives. The unseen man uses a screwdriver to get inside the building, goes to Dr. Calabresi's office, unlocks it and gets inside. A doctor preparing to leave for the night sees the nightwatchman unconsicious and sees a dark figure running away.The next day, the police arrive at the Terzi Institute investigating the break-in. Carlo Giordani (James Franciscus) arrives and bumps into Franco outside the institute and helps the blind man up. Carlo introduces himself and says that he's a reporter investigating the break-in. Inside, Carlo learns that nothing was stolen from the institute. Professor Terzi (Tino Carraro) tells the officers that since nothing is missing, he would rather not reveal the institutes research. Dr. Casoni (Aldo Reggiani) suggests that pictures may have been taken, but Dr. Braun (Horst Frank) says to let the cops handle the matter. Meanwhile, Dr. Calabresi (Carlo Alighiero), (the same man from the car who Franco overheard) looks at his files in his office and phones someone and agrees to meet with him. Calabresi tells his fiancee Bianca Merusi (Rada Rassimov) that he knows who broke into the institute and what was taken, but he does not wish to tell anyone yet, saying it could mean a big step forward. At a local train station, while a group of reporters are waiting for an celebrity starlet to arrive from an arriving train, the unseen man approaches Calabresi and pushes him as the train arrives.The next day, Frano and Lori are at home when Lori reads the newspaper for Frano about the accidental death of Dr. Calabresi and she tells Franco that the man in the newspaper is the same man she saw in the car the night before. She describes the picture and says that Carlo Giordani wrote the article. The two of them go to see the reporter at the newspaper office and Franco asks if the picture has been cropped. Carlo calls Righetto (Vittorio Congia) the paparazzi photographer who snapped the picture at the last second and he goes back to the orginal and sees a moving hand-arm in the far left of the frame. As Righetto prepares to print the photograph, he is strangled to death with a cord. The unseen killer takes the photo and all the negatives and leaves just seconds before Carlo, Franco, and Lori arrive. Carlo goes inside the apartment and finds the body. Carlo sends Franco and Lori away and calls the police. The investigating officer, Spimi (Pier Paolo Capponi), asks questions to Carlo about the maniac. Later, Carlo looks through a pair of binoculars at the people leaving the Terzi Institute and describes the doctors to Franco as they leave whom are Mombell, Esson, Casoni, and Braun, as well as Terzi and his daughter Anna (Catherine Spaak).Carlo goes to the Terzi home and he expresses his desire to talk about Calabresi's accident. Afterwards, Carlo speaks with Anna, and he evades her questions of what he and her father spoke about. The two of them drive away together and Anna drives in full speed to evade a car with two detectives following them. Meanwhile, Franco and Lori go to talk with Bianca, and she says apologetically that she could not find anything in the house relating to her fiancées death. After they leave, Franco asks Lori what he kept hearing while they were talking, and Lori says it was a chain and locket around her neck and that Bianca was fidgeting with it.Elsewhere, Carlo and Anna talk over drinks at a local restaurant where she tells them about the institute's research of chromosome alteration and XYY, the extra Y producing a criminal tendency in a person. Carlo then goes to see Dr. Braun at the St Peter's Club and he talks to the doctor about someone being after the institute's secret drug. Braun does not seem vexed.Bianca takes a taxi to Calabresi's parked car in a lot. Inside, she finds a tiny note with an appointment time at the station (and an unseen name) written down. She tapes the note to the inside of her locket. Bianca then calls Franco and says she knows who killed Calabresi, but she will only tell him in person. As Bianca walks down the hallway of her apartment building to return to her apartment, the unseen killer attacks and strangles her with a cord. The killer rummages through her purse, but does not find anything.Franco shows Carlo a note he received in which the killer threatens the puzzle solver and the journalist or more people will die. Carlo talks to Franco that he found out that two of the doctors, Casoni, being fired from his last job, and Braun having received a lot of money. Carlo goes to see Casoni and the doctor talks about the institute's wonder drug and the XYY pattern. Carlo then asks Dr. Mombell about XYY, and the doctor says that everyone in the institute was tested, but their results are confidential.The unseen killer approaches Carlo's front door and injects two milk cartons, dropped off by the local milkman, with a syringe. A little later, Carlo arrives home and brings the milk cartons inside. Anna arrives shortly thereafter and they talk about more about the research and of her results of the XYY test. Their talk leads to a kiss and they end up having sex. Afterwards, Carlo pours himself and Anna a glass of milk from one of the cartons when Franco phones saying that someone tampered with the gas line on his stove, flooding his apartment with methane gas and also may try to kill Carlo. Carlo notices the milk that had bled from the cartons from the hypodermic needle holes and knocks the glass away from Anna before she can drink it. Carlo smells and tastes the milk and deduces that it has been poisoned.The following day, Carlo meets with one of his old friends and informants, named Gigi the Loser (Ugo Fangareggi) (so-named since he spent time in prison), for help in investigating the Terzi break-in which may have been an inside job. Carlo and Gigi break into Terzi's house and discover that Anna is adopted and (via a diary) that Terzi apparently adored the woman. Carlo then goes to the police station and learns from Spimi that Bianca often met with Braun and that the cops cannot find the doctor. Carlo then runs a story in the newspaper about Braun being a suspect in the break-in, and a former gay lover of Manuel approaches Carlo and tells him where Braun is hiding. Carlo goes over to the apartment where he is attacked by Manuel (Braun's new lover). Carlo wins the fight, and sees Braun lying dead on the couch. But the police conclude that Manuel had nothing to do with the break-in and that he murdered Braun out of a jealous rage.A few days later, Franco contacts Carlo where he recalls Bianca's locket and suggests that the note that she found of the killer's name might still be there. Franco and Carlo head to the cemetery and open Bianca's family crypt. Carlo gets her coffin open while Franco waits by the door. Carlo finds the locket that was buried with Bianca, opens it, and discovers the note behind a metal plate and hands it to Franco. As Carlo closes the coffin, Franco shuts the crypt door, locking Carlo in. After spending a few minutes in the dark crypt, Franco opens the door again and walks inside without his dark sunglasses with a bruise on his face, and a large blade protruding from his walking cane that's speared with blood. Franco tells the reporter that he was attacked outside by the killer who told him that he has Lori as a captive, and was forced to give him the note. But Franco tells him that he managed to stab the killer with his cane. Meanwhile, Lori is hit on the head and put in the back of a car. Franco and Carlo find the taxi (which the killer and Lori rode in) and discover blood in the back seat. The unseen killer then calls Franco and tells him that he will hold Lori for a while and to stop investigating the break in, and the murders.Carlo goes to the police to report the kidnapping and they go to the Terzi house, and Anna comes down the stairs with cloth wrapped around her hand. Carlo tells her about the father-daughter relationship that he knows about and expresses suspicion about the milk incident (Anna had the glass of poisoned milk for some time without drinking it). But Anna claims that she only cut her hand on a broken vase and was nowhere near the cemetery which was just a few hours ago. She is irate that Carlo suspects her of being the killer. But with little evidence to arrest her, Carlo and the others leave.Carlo and the police arrive at the Terzi Institute and search the place for Lori whom Carlo suspects that the killer is one of the doctors, but they find nothing. As Carlo walks on a stairwell, he finds blood on his collar, and he thinks back to the room he just came from. He returns to the room and sees blood dripping from the ceiling. He climbs up to the roof and chases an unseen person. Then the unseen person turns around and it is Casoni who hits him in the face and kicks Carlo to the ground. Casoni, with a stab wound to his stomach, goes to a back room where a gagged Lori is and prepares to stab her. Carlo runs in and tackles the killer, but gets stabbed in the chest. Just then the police arrive on the roof and chase Casoni, but he gets caught by Franco who stops him with his cane blade. Franco asks about Lori, and Casoni (deranged to the last) tells Franco that he killed her. Enraged, Franco swings his cane at Casoni who tries to run and pushes the deranged doctor through a sky window and he falls down an elevator shaft to his death, just as Lori calls out for Franco.
tags: avant garde,  cruelty,  murder,  neo noir,  cult,  horror,  sadist,  violence,  insanity,  psychedelic,  humor,  romantic,  suspenseful,  storytelling, 

title: Black Swan
synopsis: The movie opens as Nina Sayers (Natalie Portman), a young ballerina in her mid twenties, is dancing the prologue to Swan Lake. Swan Lake is a ballet in which a princess is turned into the White Swan and can only be turned back if a man swears eternal fidelity to her. In the ballet, she is betrayed by the Black Swan, the evil magician's daughter whom the magician has transformed to look exactly like the princess in order to trick the prince who has fallen in love with her. In the end, the princess commits suicide because the Prince's infidelity has doomed her to remain a swan forever. As Nina dances in the role of the Princess, the magician appears and places the curse on the Princess. Nina then wakes up in her apartment, the dance sequence having been a dream. She begins her daily ballet stretching; telling her mother about her dream as her mother unintentionally ignores her. Nina mentions that the director, Thomas Leroy (pronounced Tomahs; the name is French), of her ballet company has promised to feature her more this season and her mother agrees that she's been there long enough.Nina goes to the ballet studio only to learn that Beth (Winona Ryder), the lead principal dancer, is being put out to pasture due to her age as she is over 40. As a result, Thomas (Vincent Cassel) is looking for a new face to be the lead. Thomas announces to the company that the first performance of the season will be a reworking of Swan Lake. He casually walks among the dancers as they're practising nonchalantly, tapping several girls on the shoulder as he talks. He then tells those he tapped to attend their regular rehearsals; those he didn't tap are to meet with him later in the principal studio.Nina sees Beth having an emotional meltdown in her private dressing room, throwing things and breaking the full length mirror. After Beth leaves, Nina decides to take a peek inside. She sits down in Beth's chair and stares at herself in a mirror surrounded by globe lights. She begins to go through Beth's things and stashes several items in her pocket, specifically perfume, diamond earrings, a nail file and tube of lipstick. She sneaks out of Beth's dressing room.Later, in the principal studio, auditions are being held to find Beth's replacement as the Swan Princess. Nina dances the White Swan impeccably, and then Thomas tells Nina to dance as the Black Swan. As Nina begins the dance her audition is interrupted by the late arrival of new dancer, Lily (Mila Kunis). Already fearing imperfection and disappointing Thomas, she loses focus as Lily noisily closes the door and stops. Despite her flawless performance as the White Swan, Thomas is not impressed by Nina's performance, stating she failed to capture the sensuality of the Black Swan. Nina goes home to her mother and bursts into tears and practices her dance moves until she cracks her big toe nail. Later, when her mother tucks her in, Nina tells her she can go to Thomas the next day and tell him she finished the Black Swan dance, but her mother tells her there is no need to lie and Nina nods in defeated agreement.The next day, Nina visits Thomas in his office and tells him she finished the Black Swan dance at home and wants the role. He tells her that he's decided to give it to another dancer, Veronica (Ksenia Soto). She says 'okay' and begins to leave but he slams the door and asks her why she's giving up. He grabs her face and kisses her passionately. Angered by this unwanted advance, Nina bites him on the lip and runs out of his office which both shocks and impresses Thomas.The girls begin running down the hall to find out who has been chosen as the new Swan Queen. Feeling certain she didn't get the role, Nina congratulates Veronica for getting it. The girl runs to see the posting but walks back to Nina and berates her for the cruel joke before walking off down the hall. Stunned and confused, Nina goes to look at the posting. As she approaches, several girls gather around her shouting congratulations at her. Overjoyed, and nauseous, she runs to the bathroom where she calls her mother from one of the stalls and tells her that she won the part. When she leaves the stall she sees the word whore written on the mirror in red lipstick and frantically struggles to wipe it off. When Nina gets home, her mother has ordered her a beautiful pink and white frosted cake -- strawberries and cream, their favorite from the local bakery -- that she presents to Nina when she walks in the door to celebrate Nina acquiring the role in the ballet. Her mother starts to cut her a slice but Nina refuses, telling her she can't eat something like that and when her mother gives her a look, Nina continues, saying that her stomach is still in knots. Becoming angry, her mother begins to throw the cake out which leaves Nina feeling guilty. She accepts a slice and takes a small bite.Over the next several days, the stress of the role and her inability to perform get to Nina. She begins seeing a darker version of herself in random passers-by.Thomas holds a gala to officially announce Beth's retirement and Nina's rise as the Swan Queen. Nina goes to the bathroom and on her way out encounters Lily coming in. In front of Nina, Lily takes off her panties and puts them in her purse, then sits down on vanity. She congratulates Nina on her role, but Nina is uncomfortable and attempts to excuse herself. Lily playfully asks her to stay, but Nina leaves.As Nina and Thomas leave the party, Thomas is briefly called back inside. Intoxicated, with her eyes dripping with black mascara from crying, Beth confronts Nina and asks her if she had to suck Thomas' cock to get the role. Nina is offended, and tells Beth that not everyone has to. Beth continues to rant until Thomas appears and diffuses the situation, soothing Beth by calling her My little princess. Beth shouts after them as Thomas leads Nina out. He takes Nina back to his place. When they sit on the couch, he brusquely asks her if she she's a virgin. She looks away and smiles uncomfortably. He asks if she likes making love and when she won't answer, he gives her a homework assignment: she must touch herself and find her sexuality so that she may better inhabit the role.Later, when Nina's mother is helping her dress for bed she sees scratches on Nina's back, and asks what they are from. Nina says they're nothing but a rash and her mother becomes angry and hints that Nina hasn't scratched herself like this since she was younger, and she thought Nina was over this. Nina tries to brush her off but her mother grabs her hand and takes her to the bathroom to cut her fingernails with scissors. She accidentally cuts Nina's finger and apologizes profusely but continues to trim Nina's nails.Nina wakes up the next morning and begins touching herself as Thomas asked. When she becomes aroused, she goes faster and turns over. As she gets closer, she turns her head to the left and is startled to realize her mother is asleep in the chair next to her bed.The next day the company is practising and a girl runs in, crying hysterically. She runs to the teacher who comforts her and asks what happened. She says Beth is in the hospital after an accident when she got hit by a passing car. Later, Nina is sitting at the edge of a fountain with Thomas and he tells her he believes that Beth threw herself into oncoming traffic. She visits Beth in the hospital where she finds her room filled with beautiful flowers and cards wishing her a quick recovery. As Beth lays comatose in the bed, Nina lifts up the sheet draped over Beth and sees metal bars sticking out of her leg and a huge, infected gash on her calf. Horrified, she quickly turns to leave and bumps into Beth's nurse (Leslie Lyles) who asks what she is doing there.She goes to practice and still cannot get the passion of the Black Swan into her performance. Suddenly the lights go out and Thomas calls for someone to turn them back on, that there are still people rehearsing. The lights come back on, but a clearly disappointed Thomas sends the other dancers home and steps in to dance as Nina's partner. As they dance together, he slowly moves his hands under her thighs and begins touching her. After a deep kiss, he lets go of her and walks away, calling over his shoulder that he just seduced her and that it should be her doing the seducing with her dancing. Nina calls after, pleading, but he does not turn back.Nina, feeling defeated in her attempt to be perfect, sits alone and cries in the studio. Lily arrives, sees Nina crying, and lights a cigarette as she walks up. Lily chats casually, implying that Thomas has a tendency of sleeping with the troupe and Nina tries to defend him. Lily realizes that Nina has a crush on Thomas and jokes about it. Infuriated by such a thought, Nina gets upset and leaves.The next day, Thomas angrily asks Nina if she needs time off after a comment from Lily that he should take it easy on her. He says she has no business whining and she fervently defends herself saying she didn't. Angered, Nina tracks Lily down in the troupe dressing room where she is greeted with banter from the other dancers who say that the queen is gracing them with her presence on their turf. Lily tells them to shut up and gets up to talk to Nina. Nina berates Lily for telling Thomas that she'd been crying. Lily looks abashed and says she was just trying to help. Nina tells her she doesn't need the help and Lily walks away irritated.That night, Nina and her mother are working on Nina's toe shoes. Erica (Nina's mother) is making small talk that sounds condescending to Nina so she starts answering with slight hostility without looking up at Erica. Her mother asks Nina if she's been scratching and Nina unintentionally pauses just long enough for Erica to not believe Nina when she says no. Erica tells her to take off her shirt and Nina refuses so Erica stands over Nina and demands it but Nina says no in a biting tone. Before Erica can get her confirmation there is a knock at the door. She answers the door and talks quickly to someone before closing it again. Nina asks who it was but Erica says it was no one, so Nina demands to know again and when Erica still won't tell her she runs to the door and opens it. She sees Lily waiting for the elevator. Nina walks out into the hallway and asks Lily how she knew where she lived and Lily responds with sarcasm. But Nina looks angry so Lily laughingly says she asked Thomas' secretary. Erica opens the door and says Nina needs to come in and rest. Nina tells her to shut the door, which Erica slams. Lily invites her out and Nina says she can't, but after Erica opens the door and tells her once more and tells Nina to come back inside and also asks Lily to leave, Nina pushes the door open to grab her stuff and leaves with Lily, despite her mother's protests shouted down the hall that it's the night before a long day of work and she should stay home.Nina and Lily go out to a local bar for drinks and some food, but Nina is so uptight that Lily offers her a pill to relax, saying it would only last a few hours. Nina turns it down. She goes to the bathroom and returns to see Lily slip the content of the pill into a drink, as she flirts with two guys she is calling Tom (Toby Hemingway) and Jerry though he tells her his real name is Andrew. Nina is reassured by Lily that the pills will only last a few hours and downs her glass. The two have a crazy, drugged night of clubbing with two guys. When Nina is next lucid, she finds herself hooking up with a man in a bathroom. She quickly leaves to find a cab and Lily runs to catch up with her. They take the taxi back to Nina's apartment and Lily comes onto Nina and begins gently rubbing Nina's crotch until Nina stops her and just holds Lily's hand.When they get back to the apartment, Nina's mother is waiting for them and asks Nina what she was doing out late. Nina is somewhat belligerent but finally says, I was with two guys named Tom and Jerry and I fucked them both, and laughs. Nina's mother is horrified and slaps her across the face. Nina grabs Lily and runs into her room, barricading the door with a wood cleat, yelling at her mother to leave her alone. She turns around and looks at Lily, then walks to her and starts passionately kissing her. They move to the bed where Lily undresses Nina and then rips her panties off. Lily begins to orally pleasure Nina and she sees Lily morph into herself and then back to Lily, which scares her. Lily doesn't stop and the two continue to have sex before Lily says, Sweet girl before morphing back into dark Nina, who raises a pillow to smother her.Nina wakes up the next morning with a hangover-like headache to find Lily gone and realizes she is late for rehearsal. As her mother sits quietly in the living room, Nina yells at her and asks why she didn't wake her up. Erica says this role is destroying her and as Nina rushes out the door, she tells Erica that she is moving out.When Nina arrives at the ballet studio, she finds Lily in her costume, practising her routine with the rest of the troupe. When Lily walks up to Nina, she says she was only filling in because Thomas had asked her to. Nina then questions Lily about why she left her house the night before, and Lily claims she went home to her place with Tom where they spent the night, and that last time she saw Nina was at the club. When Nina brings up what happened in her bedroom, Lily is flattered that Nina had a lesbian wet dream about her. She playfully asks Nina if she was any good but Nina gets embarrassed and leaves, looking uncomfortable and frustrated, wondering if her lovemaking with Lily had really happened or not.A little later, Nina is being fitted for her Swan costume. When she's done, Lily walks in and says Thomas made Lily Nina's alternate. Enraged and afraid, Nina finds Thomas and begs him not to make Lily her alternate, convinced that Lily is trying to steal the role from her. As Nina begins to cry, Thomas soothes her before telling her she is being paranoid. He tells her that the only person trying to sabotage Nina is Nina.That night, Nina is practising when the piano player suddenly stops playing and gets up to leave, telling Nina he has a life. He tells her not to practice too long and leaves her alone in the studio. As she begins dancing again the lights shut off just as they had when shed been practising with Thomas. She calls out for someone to turn the lights back on, and sees a cloaked figure darting around in the shadows (the Sorcerer from the dream). She hears laughter and follows the noise to find Thomas having sex with Lily (which morphs into Nina) on a work table behind a curtain. Lily smiles at Thomas and laughs. This brings tears to Nina's eyes and she runs back to her dressing room where she grabs the items she took from Beth when the room was still hers.In a fit of hysteria, Nina goes to the hospital to find Beth sitting motionless in a wheelchair, now a mere shadow of the woman she used to be. Nina quietly places a note and the items she stole on the table next to Beth, when Beth suddenly stirs and grabs Nina's arm. Beth is angry and asks what Nina is doing, then she looks down and sees the items on the table. She asks Nina in an amused but irritated voice why she stole from her. Nina says she just wanted to be perfect like Beth. As Beth looks at the items, she says she's nothing and then notices the nail file. She continues to say she's nothing as she suddenly stabs herself in the face with the file repeatedly. Nina finally grabs the nail file from Beth's hand and runs fearfully from the room to the elevator. As she gets in the elevator, she drops the bloody nail file.Nina returns home, dashing hysterically into the kitchen to wash her hands which are covered in Beth's blood. When she turns the kitchen light off, she hears someone whisper sweet girl, at which she turns the light back on to see Beth standing there with her face covered in blood. She runs to the bathroom and vomits into the toilet. She then calls down the hall for her mother, walking toward her mother's art studio, hearing voices coming from the studio. As she peers in, she imagines her mother's paintings moving and talking to her. She runs in and starts tearing everything down, and imagines Beth coming towards her with a bloody face, until her mother walks in and, astonished, asks Nina what she's doing. Nina runs past her mother to her bedroom, with Erica close behind. As she tries to reach Nina, Nina slams the door on her hand, breaking it. Nina barricades herself inside with the pipe again. As Nina stands there, her skin begins to shift and take on a bird like texture, her eyes start to turn red, and her knee joints violently invert to the same shape as a bird. The hallucination disorients Nina and she falls and hits her head on a bed post which knocks her out.Nina wakes up the next day as in a normal day, but with socks rubber-banded on her hands and a headache. She looks to her mother, who is sitting next to the bed with a bandage on her hand. Nina asks her mother why her hands are covered and Erica says it is to prevent scratching, that she'd been doing it all night. Nina suddenly realizes it must be late and says she needs to get to the ballet company because its opening day. Her mother says she called and let them know Nina wasn't feeling well and wouldn't be able to perform that night. Nina is furious and gets out of bed. She goes for the door but her mother has locked the door and removed the door knob. Nina turns around and yells at her mother to let her out. Erica tells her she isn't well and the role has taken her over. Nina grabs her mother's broken hand and pulls her out of the chair. As her mother cries and holds her injured hand, Nina takes the door knob out from under the cushion and walks toward the door. Her mother reaches out for her and asks what happened to her sweet girl, and Nina says in a harsh, evil tone, she's gone, and walks out of the room.Nina arrives at the ballet and ignores whispers from the troupe as she passes them (with the camera following her from behind). She finds Lily in costume talking to Thomas in the hall, prepared to take the stage as the lead. Nina confidently tells Thomas that she is ready to perform and goes to sit down in her dressing room, with Lily asking what's going on behind her. Thomas follows her into the room and says that he's already told Lily she'll be performing. Nina says if she doesn't take the stage then the company will be marred with controversy, after Beth's incident. Thomas looks slightly amused and impressed at her audacity and tells her to get ready.Nina goes on and is just as timid and rigid in her performance as she was during rehearsals. While in the wings she sees Lily flirting with one of the male dancers and also becomes distracted by Lily while they're dancing on stage; subsequently, during a lift, she loses concentration which causes the lead male to drop her. She recovers herself but during an interval, Thomas is enraged and asks what the hell that was all about. Nina blames it on her dance partner but Thomas walks away from her. When she enters her dressing room, Lily is sitting at her dressing table putting on make-up. Nina yells at her to get out of her room. Lily taunts Nina, saying perhaps she should dance the Black Swan's dance as Nina is not fit to dance it, and they begin to fight. Lily morphs into Nina off and on as Nina struggles against her. Nina pushes Lily into the same full-length mirror Beth destroyed and it shatters. As the fight escalates further, Nina grabs a piece of the mirror and stabs Lily in the stomach. Unsure of what to do, Nina hides the bleeding body in her bathroom and then puts on the Black Swan's make-up. She takes the stage and begins to dance with passionate abandon. As she dances with everything Thomas has been asking for, she begins to physically transform into a large Black Swan on stage, growing feathers and wings. She dances the part better than ever and the crowd gives her a standing ovation as the piece ends.Nina runs off stage toward Thomas and, in front of everyone, kisses him passionately after finally seducing him with her movements. He smiles and tells her to go back out for a second bow. After leaving the stage again, Nina goes into her dressing room to change for the next act and realizes the blood is starting to pour out from under the bathroom door. Nina places a towel over the growing pool of blood and then hears a knock at the door. When she opens the door... Lily is standing there. She apologizes for how things turned out between them and congratulates Nina on her amazing performance as the Black Swan. Nina is shocked and bewildered as Lily smiles and walks away. Nina turns around and removes the towel to find there is no blood. She turns to look at the broken mirror pieces from the smashed mirror still on the floor then suddenly moves her hand to her abdomen. She's bleeding, and she reaches into the wound and pulls out a broken shard of glass. (In her unhinged and delusional mind, Nina had stabbed herself before the Black Swan dance, imagining it was Lily). Despite her wound, she dresses for her final act as the White Swan. Nina dances the second act beautifully, which entrances the audience so that they don't see the small stain of blood growing in the mid-section of her white costume.In the final scene of the last act, the White Swan goes to the top of a large structure to commit suicide. Nina does this with grace, looks down at the suitors below, and then turns and falls in slow motion onto the mattress below as her mother sits in the audience, smiling and crying. When the curtain falls, Thomas is overjoyed and newly infatuated with Nina. He is smiling in adoration as he kneels to congratulate her, a crowd of ballerinas gathering around the star. Nina doesn't speak, but instead just smiles and listens to the praise. Lily suddenly gasps - the first to notice the immense blood stain forming on Nina's costume. Someone calls for help, and Thomas frantically asks her, What did you do?! Nina calmly and quietly utters, I was perfect. The crowd continues to roar with applause as the screen slowly fades to white...
tags: dark,  psychological,  mystery,  murder,  dramatic,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  insanity,  psychedelic,  suspenseful,  sentimental, 

title: Invasion of the Body Snatchers
synopsis: On an unidentified planet, a strange lifeform in the shape of gel-like spores drifts up into the atmosphere, where it moves slowly through space, drifting until it reaches Earth. The spores enter the atmosphere and are swept downward, emerging in a rainstorm in San Francisco. On the ground, the spores begin to develop, growing on leaves of earthly plants and taking the shape of small pods with a pink flower in the middle.Elizabeth Driscoll (Brooke Adams) notices one of the pods, taking it back to the home she shares with her boyfriend, Geoffrey (Art Hindle). Unable to find the flowering pod in any of her botany books, she hesitantly identifies her new find as a cross-breeding of two different species, a grex.Matthew Bennell (Donald Sutherland) is an inspector for the health department who uncovers unsanitary conditions at a French restaurant. As he threatens the owner with indictment over finding rat droppings in the food, the other employees quietly slip out to the parking lot and smash Matthew's windshield with a bottle of wine. Matthew is cold and calculating, refusing to let them see his frustration at finding his car vandalized, but when he gets home he calls Elizabeth. They work together at the health department, and Matthew jokes with her about what happened to him at the restaurant. As Elizabeth goes to bed, she forgets about the weird pod, which has suddenly sprouted roots in the glass of water she keeps it in next to their bed.When Elizabeth wakes the next morning, Geoffrey is already awake and dressed, cleaning up the remains of the glass of water next to the bed, as well as some other, unidentifiable mess (resembling some kind of dust). His behavior is strange, and she follows him downstairs as he takes a plastic garbage bag out to a waiting dump truck. At work, she confides to Matthew that Geoffrey is acting strange. Later that night, Elizabeth tries to talk it over with Geoffrey but he ignores her, instead telling her that he's going out and giving her no explanation. Elizabeth touches him intimately and recoils from his emotionless response. Elizabeth rushes over to Matthew's house and insists that Geoffrey is no longer Geoffrey. On the outside he looks the same, but inside he is different. Matthew hears her out but calms her by cooking a good meal and letting her vent.The next day, Matthew hears a strange story from the owner of the Chinese laundry he patronizes: his wife is not his wife. Later he finds Elizabeth at the health department offices, shaken and obviously distraught. She reveals that she has been following Geoffrey during that day and has seen him having brief meetings with strangers, all of them passing unidentifiable parcels among themselves. She is convinced that there is some sort of conspiracy afoot and that Geoffrey is a part of it. Matthew wants to take her to meet his friend, a renowned psychologist named David Kibner (Leonard Nimoy). Kibner has written a number of popular books, the latest of which has just been published, and Matthew takes Elizabeth to a book signing party at a local bookstore so she can meet Kibner personally. While stopped at a traffic light, a strange man (Kevin McCarthy, the star of the original movie) suddenly falls onto Matthew's car, screaming and pounding at the windows, warning They're coming! Something terrible! You're in danger! Before they can react, another vehicle comes along and strikes the man dead. Strangely, the crowd of people around him seem to not be affected by what has happened at all, not even the motorcycle policeman who arrives on the scene. (Unnoticed by Matthew and Elizabeth, there are one or two others down the streets and sidewalks running from groups of other people chasing them.)At the book party that evening, Matthew and Elizabeth meet up with Jack Bellicec (Jeff Goldblum), a friend of Matthew's. Matthew tries to phone in a report to the police about the accident, but he meets with strange resistance. Elizabeth becomes entranced by an extremely upset woman who is insisting to Kibner that her husband is an impostor. Kibner calms the woman somewhat before sending her on her way with her husband, but Elizabeth urges the woman to contact her at the health department because she knows what she is trying to say.Finally, Matthew is able to introduce Elizabeth to Kibner, who admits that over the past few days, other people have been coming to him with the same story that Elizabeth is telling. The patients tell him that someone close to them is acting strange and seems like an impostor; the patients seem to get over it quickly and change their story. Kibner suggests that it is a result of the emotional isolation people feel in modern relationships, but even Matthew notices that Kibner doesn't seem to be listening to what Elizabeth is really saying. Matthew takes Elizabeth home and she finds a plant waiting for her; a card indicates it's a gift from Geoffrey.Jack returns to his wife, Nancy (Veronica Cartwright), who runs a mud bath facility. Jack is frustrated over not getting a chance to read his poetry at Kibner's book party, and he goes into the baths to relax. Nancy interacts with a strange patron name Mr. Gianni, who has given her a plant just like the one Geoffrey left for Elizabeth. When Nancy begins closing up for the evening, she notices someone lying under a sheet and thinks it is Jack. Removing the sheet, she is startled to find a strange form underneath. It resembles a man, but lacks distinctive features, and is covered with white tendrils. Jack, who was sleeping nearby, suddenly appears and Nancy strikes him accidentally, giving him a nosebleed, and the shape on the table begins to bleed, too. They call Matthew and urge him to come over to examine the phenomenon, and when he realizes something terribly strange is happening, he remembers Elizabeth. Unable to reach her by phone, Matthew goes over to her house, and while Geoffrey sits listening to headphones, Matthew breaks into the house and retrieves a sleeping Elizabeth from the house. Before taking her from her bed, Matthew is shocked to see a duplicate of her body lying nearby, covered in the same fibers as the body at the baths. Back at the baths, Jack falls asleep again and the body begins to take on his features, until Nancy wakes him up again.Matthew and Elizabeth return to the baths and summon Kibner, but the body has apparently vanished. Likewise, Matthew reports Elizabeth's other body to the police, but when they return to the house she shares wtih Geoffrey, nobody is able to find a body. Kibner quiets the police and Geoffrey seems unconcerned that his girlfriend refuses to come home and is spending the night with Matthew. Converging at Matthew's house, the small group forms their hypothesis: somehow, people are being duplicated, and these alternate bodies are appearing to take their places. Kibner is skeptical and tries to talk them out of their ideas, but finally leaves; unseen by the others, he gets into a car with two other conspirators, including Geoffrey.All day, Matthew tries to get others to listen to him about what's going on. He makes phone calls, has meetings, and tries to find anybody who will take him seriously. Similarly, the woman who was so upset at the bookstore turns up at the health department and tells Elizabeth that she's alright now. That night, the Bellicecs stay at Matthew's. Kibner gives Elizabeth a mild sedative to help her sleep, and leaves.The entire group falls asleep except for Nancy. As they sleep, four pods in Matthew's garden release white tendrils that attach to the sleeping people, and they soon burst forth with embryonic life, somehow duplicating their victims. Before the transformation is complete, Nancy revives Matthew. Together they wake the others, and Matthew tries to call for help. The telephone operators already know who he is, addressing him by name. The power goes out, and they see a horde of pod people rushing up the hill to Matthew's house. As the others escape out the back, Matthew leaves the yard, smashing in the head of his own duplicate with a hoe.Near the docks, the group appears to be cornered behind a group of shipping crates, but Jack sacrifices himself, rushing out along the dock and getting the pod people clones to give chase. Nancy runs off after him, and Matthew and Elizabeth are on their own. They attempt to take a taxi out of town, but the sinister looking cab driver (Don Siegel, the director of the original movie) drives them to a police roadblock that is arresting people attempting to leave the city. Matthew and Elizabeth find that they cannot escape San Francisco; the pod people are everywhere, even spreading pods right out in the open as they now apparently outnumber humans.Taking refuge in the dark offices of the health department, they find speed pills in someone's desk and take as much as they can in order to keep themselves awake. However, they are found out by none other than Jack, who has returned with Kibner, both of them pod people. Kibner gives them a sedative. He explains that they will be reborn into a new world without emotions or complications, thanks to the alien life form that has taken root on Earth, but Matthew and Elizabeth manage to overpower both of them, killing Jack and locking Kibner in a freezer.On the way out of the building, they encounter Nancy in a stairwell; she is still human. Nancy reveals that she and Jack were separated, but she has discovered a way to move among the pod people: by refusing to show emotion. The three of them leave the health department right out in the open, but Elizabeth is startled by a bizarre pod hybrid that has mutated into a dog with a human head. An elderly pod lady notices it and makes a high-pitched scream, which seems to be a way by the pod people to call out to others of a human in their mist. Nancy once again gets separated from Elizabeth and Matthew, who are identified as human (Type-H as referred by the pod people) and chased throughout the city.Making their way to the docks, Matthew and Elizabeth discover a a greenhouse where thousands of pods are being cultivated. Elizabeth, hindered by a twisted ankle and lack of sleep, feels as if she can't go on much further without sleep. Matthew goes to investigate the sounds of Amazing Grace coming from one of the ships, leaving Elizabeth hidden among some tall grass. Matthew is horrified to see huge palettes of pods being loaded onto the ships; the spiritual is simply a random radio broadcast, as the station is changed, the ship helmed by pod people ready to take the alien presence to other areas of the world.When Matthew returns to Elizabeth, he finds her asleep, and he is unable to wake her. As he holds her in his arms, Elizabeth's body crumbles into a husk, and her nude clone appears in the grass. The pod Elizabeth tells Matthew that everything is alright; the conversion is painless, and good. She encourages him to sleep, but her voice is hard and cold. Matthew runs, slipping into the greenhouse facility. He makes his way to the steep scaffolding and after taking a fire axe, beings wreaking havoc among the pods, dropping electrical lighting rigs onto them until the entire place is in flames and the unborn pods are burned. But the fire alarm is sounded, and the pod people pursue him, including the newly converted Elizabeth. Matthew slips away from them, hiding under a dock. He hears them talking amongst themselves and one of them says: He can't get far, he has to sleep sometime. Matthew knows that they are right.The next day, Matthew goes through the motions of his job, staring blankly at his co-workers. He sees Elizabeth in the hallways of the building but they do not acknowledge one another. Outside, Matthew sees schoolbuses of children from Santa Barbara, L.A. and other areas of California being taken to a theater for their conversion. A while later, Matthew is walking along a deserted street towards the City Hall building and hears a voice calling to him. Turning around, he sees the still-human Nancy across the street. As she crosses the street to meet him, Matthew's face twists into a grimace and he points at her, screaming an alien scream to alert the other pod clones to her presence. Nancy screams realizing, too late, that Matthew is now a pod person as the camera zooms into his mouth and the screen fades to black...(By the time the end credits finish rolling, it is strongly implied that Nancy will be captured and become a pod clone too. Apparently there are no more humans alive in San Francisco. The inevitable has happened: the pods have won... and the rest of Earth is apparently doomed.)
tags: horror,  violence,  humor,  murder,  flashback, 

title: Deathtrap
synopsis: Sidney Bruhl (Caine) is a playwright who is most famous for his mystery thriller The Murder Game. Following the debut of the latest of a series of flops, he returns to his home in East Hampton and to his wife Myra (Cannon). He tells her that he's received a play called Deathtrap from a former student from a playwriting seminar. The play is ready for production and Sidney jokingly suggests that he murder the student and steal the play, a joke that becomes more serious when he learns, after calling the student, that no one else has read the play and no one else has a copy. Sidney invites the student up to Long Island.
The student, Clifford Anderson (Reeve), arrives shortly thereafter. Myra, who has a heart condition, becomes more and more agitated as the evening progresses, trying desperately to convince Sidney to work with Clifford on Deathtrap and share the revenue. Instead, Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. He forces Myra to help him drag Clifford into the yard to bury him.
Following the burial, the Bruhls get a visit from psychic Helga ten Dorp (Worth), who's staying with the Bruhls' neighbors. Helga wanders around the living room and study, sensing pain and death in various spots and associated with various prop weapons and handcuffs Sidney has displayed on the wall. She warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra continues to be horrified, only slowly coming to see something of glamour in Sidney's act. Suddenly, Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Myra flees and Clifford chases after her until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford's side. The men exchange a few words before their feelings emerge. They kiss, deeply and passionately. Their plan is a success: Myra is out of the way.
Immediately after Myra's funeral, Clifford moves in as Sidney's secretary. Clifford works on a play which he says is about a welfare office but Sidney is suffering from writer's block. Sidney's lawyer Porter (Jones) comes over to settle some of Myra's affairs and notices Clifford is acting oddly about his manuscript pages. Sidney sends Clifford off on a pretext errand and breaks into his desk to read the manuscript. He is horrified to discover that Clifford is writing the true story of Myra's murder as a play called Deathtrap. When confronted, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs: he wants to be remembered as the man who wrote The Murder Game, not as the faggot who knocked off his wife. When Clifford insists he'll write the play without him, Sidney reluctantly capitulates.
A few days later, Helga stops by again, ostensibly to borrow some candles in case the power goes out in a storm that's blowing in. She meets Clifford and, when Sidney returns from a dinner party a few minutes later, warns him that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney assures her that he'll be sending Clifford away, and Helga leaves.
Sidney asks Clifford to help him act out some possible bits of business for the play, first by resisting a frontal assault, then by demonstrating how he might wield an axe. Finally, Sidney produces a gun he's secreted for this moment, trains it on Clifford and tearfully explains to him that he cannot allow completion of Deathtrap and can only stop him with a bullet. Sidney bids Clifford good-bye and pulls the trigger.
The gun doesn't go off, though, because Clifford has taken the bullets to load a different gun that he has at the ready. Now in control again, Clifford grabs wrist and leg manacles from the prop wall and has Sidney chain himself to a chair. Clifford tells him that he's going to leave soon but, just before, will unlock one of Sidney's cuffs to allow time for his escape. Clifford will complete Deathtrap and, if anyone asks, deny that it's inspired by Sidney's story. After Clifford exits to pack, Sidney slips out of the trick cuffs (once the property of Harry Houdini) and grabs a crossbow off the weapon wall. He stalks Clifford and fells him with a single shot.
There's a body to dispose of now, but the storm hits with full force, knocking out the power. Before Sidney can find a match to light a candle, a fleeting figure scurries through the living room in a flash of lightning. It's Helga, fully aware that she's in mortal danger. Sidney finds a knife, Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that...
...cuts to the same struggle played live by actors before a full house, where Clifford stabs Sidney and both die, leaving Helga victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga ten Dorp, now the author of a hit Broadway play called Deathtrap.
tags: paranormal,  psychedelic,  horror,  murder, 

title: Doom
synopsis: On Mars in the year 2046, in the Union Aerospace Corporation (UAC)-owned Olduvai Research Facility, scientists are attacked and pulled into the darkness by an unseen monster. Doctor Carmack (Robert Russell) transmits a warning about a Level 5 security breach before the door behind him is torn open. He turns around and sees something through the gap.On Earth, a team of eight Marines known as the RRTS (Rapid Response Tactical Squad) are preparing to go on leave. Their leave is cancelled when the squad leader, Sarge (Dwayne Johnson), receives new orders. Contact with Olduvai has been lost and the RRTS is being sent to investigate. The Mars station is quarantined and the 85 UAC employees on Mars are not allowed to return to Earth. As the men suit up, Sarge pulls aside John Reaper Grimm (Karl Urban) and asks him not to go because Reaper's sister is on the station. Reaper suits up anyway, and their team is deployed to Mars via a teleportation device called the Ark, located at Area 51. The Ark was discovered in 2026, and scientists have been studying it. The team meets an early victim of the Ark system, Pinky (Dexter Fletcher), who went to one galaxy while his ass went to another (his lower torso now a two-wheeled engine resembling a Segway) during an Ark teleportation event. They meet up with Dr. Samantha Grimm (Rosamund Pike), Reaper's sister.Their mission is simple: eliminate the threat, secure the facility and retrieve UAC property. Reaper converses with his sister and learns that they discovered humanoid remains on Mars that contain a 24th chromosome, making the creatures superhuman, invulnerable to disease and with the ability to rapidly heal injuries. The team locates Carmack, who is deranged to the point of tearing off his own ear. They return him to the lab and Grimm tries sedating him. The Marines explore the facility, encountering creatures intent on killing them. An Imp slays Goat (Ben Daniels) before being killed and brought to Grimm. Blood samples taken from two hostile creatures reveal that they were human. Grimm determines that their genetics have been altered by the addition of the Martian chromosome; however, the chromosome seems to choose whether it causes the person to be superhuman or a monster, apparently able to determine on a genetic level whether a person has the capacity to be evil. The chromosome is spread by the projectile tongues of those infected. The Marines discover that Carmack deliberately injected the chromosome into an evil subject (prisoner Curtis Stahl, a multiple murderer), who later transformed and broke loose.Multiple attacks by the Imps kill Mac, Destroyer and Portman, reducing the squad to Sarge, Reaper, The Kid (Al Weaver), Duke (Raz Adoti) and Grimm. The surviving team realize that a Hell Knight has escaped through the Ark to the Earth due to Pinky's refusal to trigger a grenade Mac left with him to destroy the Ark. Sarge takes the Bio Force Gun, dubbing it the Big Fucking Gun.The group finds the UAC facility on Earth full of corpses. Sarge orders his men to kill anything alive in order to prevent the infection from spreading. The Kid finds a group of non-infected humans, and Sarge kills him for insubordination when he refuses to kill them. Pinky reappears, aiming a pistol at Sarge, but is dragged off by a monster.Zombies attack, killing Duke and dragging Sarge through a malfunctioning bulletproof screen. Reaper is hit by a ricochet. To save his life, Grimm injects Reaper with Chomosome 24. Instead of becoming a monster, Reaper awakens as a superhuman with enhanced strength and healing abilities.Following Reaper's transformation and the discovery that Grimm is missing, the movie takes on a first-person shooter perspective. Within a few minutes, Reaper slays an array of monsters, including Pinky, who has mutated into a Demon dragging his lower mechanism behind it.Switching back to a standard camera angle, Reaper emerges at the facility's exit. Bodies are scattered everywhere, and a melted blue hole in the wall, the mark of a BFG blast, is still cooling. Reaper encounters Sarge and an unconscious Grimm lying on the floor. Reaper asks Sarge what happened to the non-infected survivors, to which he replies that he killed them. Reaper notices the same injury on Sarge that Carmack had before he turned into an Imp, something Sarge has been hiding. After a badly injured Grimm crawls to safety, the Marines face off. As he holds Reaper against the wall Sarge begins transforming, developing features such as a prominent skull structure, sharp teeth and red eyes. Reaper throws Sarge into the Ark, followed by a grenade. Sarge and the Ark are obliterated. Reaper retrieves Grimm, who is conscious but unable to walk, and holds her in his arms as he returns to the Earth's surface.
tags: murder,  violence,  horror,  good versus evil,  humor,  suspenseful, 

title: Halloween 5
synopsis: The film opens with the last few moments of Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers on October 31, 1988. Rachel Carruthers and Jamie, Michael Myers's 8-year-old niece are being pursued by Michael while in a truck. Michael climbs onto the roof and tries to drive them off the road, but Rachel slams on the brakes, sending Michael slamming onto the gravel below. As he stands up, Rachel floors it and slams into him, sending him flying into a nearby field. At this time, police cars arrive and Rachel leaves the truck to go speak with them, telling Jamie to stay there. But Jamie is too curious and walks over to Michael's lifeless body, taking his hand in hers. Right then, Rachel spots her and yells for her not to touch him. Suddenly, Michael's grip tightens on his knife as he begins to rise. Jamie ducks down as the police begin firing at him. Michael eventually stumbles backwards into an abandoned mine shaft, apparently dead. The police then set up a dynamite, causing the entire shaft to explode, but Michael, who we now know is alive, but mortally wounded, has already managed to crawl out into the river below. Next to the river is a small cottage where a hermit and his pet parrot live. The hermit stands by a stove, stirring something in a pot as the parrot chatters away. Annoyed, the hermit yells at it to be quiet as Michael slowly approaches the cottage outside. The hermit, now suspicious that someone might be outside, ventures out the door, finding nothing at all. As he goes back into the house, Michael suddenly leaps out and grabs him by the neck, but he then falls over, unconscious once again. The hermit stands, shocked, wondering who this strange man in a mask is.The scene then cuts to October 30, 1989, almost a year later. Jamie is in the Haddonfield Children's Clinic, shaking in her bed. She has been attached to several devices and is clearly having a horrific nightmare. She is remembering herself on Halloween, 1988 when she donned the clown costume and murdered her foster mother, Darlene by repeatedly stabbing her with a pair of scissors. Darlene screams and falls into a bathtub, covered in blood. Jamie then rises out of her bed, screaming, attracting the attention of Nurse Patsey, her nurse. But when Nurse Patsey arrives in the room, she dismisses Jamie's hysterics as only a nightmare and leaves.Meanwhile, at the cottage by the river, Michael, still being watched by the hermit, suddenly rises up and puts on his mask, this going unnoticed by the hermit. Jamie, somehow psychologically connected with Michael, envisions this and grabs a chalkboard, writing out He's coming for me. Michael then creeps up behind the hermit, and grabs him by the neck. The hermit yells in pain as Jamie screams once again. Michael throws the hermit into the air, sending him crashing onto the floor below. Withdrawing his knife, Michael raises it into the air and stabs the hermit. Nurse Patsey goes into Jamie's room once again, this time calling the doctors, who rush Jamie downstairs to an operating room. There, they find Dr. Loomis, who tells them not to do anything, that she will revive soon. The doctors become angry at him, thinking that he only wants her dead, but Jamie soon does as Dr. Loomis predicts.The next morning, Jamie is greeted by Rachel, a surprise visitor. Jamie, in her condition, cannot speak, and they are using signs to talk to each other. After a while, Rachel's friend, Tina, arrives at the window with Max, Jamie's dog. Jamie greets them and Tina reveals a costume that she bought for Jamie, a beautiful pink princess dress. Suddenly, at this moment, Dr. Loomis enters the room, asking what is going on. Tina, a bit frightened, then leaves with Max and Rachel says goodbye to Jamie, telling her that she will return in two days. Outside, Rachel speaks with Dr. Loomis about a note that was found reading: The evil child must die! Rachel asks why the people of the town can't understand that Jamie is just a child and is harmless. Dr. Loomis senses the fear in Rachel that this whole ordeal with Michael Myers will start over again, and Rachel leaves to go home with Tina and Max.Upon arriving at Rachel's house, Tina invites her to a teen party at the Tower Farm, but Rachel replies that her parents would kill her if she did something like that. Tina tells her to think about it and leaves. Rachel turns to go inside with Max, who pulls away, barking at something rustling in the trees near the house. Once they get inside, Rachel begins undressing to take a shower and goes to feed Max his dog food. As Rachel goes upstairs to the bathroom, someone stands outside, watching through the window.Meanwhile, at the clinic, the children are decorating a Halloween mural, when suddenly, Jamie senses danger for Rachel and Max. At the Carruthers house, Max stands barking at the back door while Rachel is showering upstairs. Dr. Loomis watches through the door at the clinic as Jamie begins wildly coloring blood-like red all over the mural. This attracts the attention of her friend, Billy Hill, another child at the clinic. He interprets what she is saying and turns to find someone, but Dr. Loomis is already there. While Rachel is in the shower, the phone rings, and, wrapping a towel around her shoulders, runs into the bedroom to answer it. It is Dr. Loomis calling for her to check on Max. Rachel obeys, going downstairs and finds Max gone, the back door open. Rachel then picks the phone back up, reporting that Max has disappeared and Dr. Loomis tells her to leave the house. Rachel, now frightened, hurries to the neighbor's house, finding him working in the garden.Later, after the police have inspected the Carruthers house, Rachel stands outside, nervously pacing back and forth. The police, Deputy Tom and Nick, return, having found nothing in the house. Rachel then inquires about Max, who then comes running down the street. Rachel, completely embarrassed, apologizes to the police. At the clinic, Jamie sits crying at the fact that she was wrong. Billy tries to comfort her, but she only pushes him away. Dr. Loomis begins begging her to tell him where Michael is, but she refuses to speak.Back at the Carruthers house, Rachel finds a cute sweater in her closet and puts it on, not noticing Michael's hand appearing behind the clothes rack. As Rachel looks at herself in the mirror, Michael walks behind her and out of the room. Rachel suddenly feels an evil presence and suspiciously walks down the hallway to Jamie's room. There, she finds Jamie's picture on the floor, the frame shattered. Instantly, Michael appears in the doorway and Rachel sees his reflection in the shattered glass. Spinning around, she screams and is too late as Michael raises a pair of scissors into the air and stabs her in the chest. Jamie, having seen this in a dream, awakes, shaking in her bed at the clinic. Nurse Patsey and the doctor try to calm her.Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis continues to warn Sheriff Meeker about Jamie's convulsions who dismisses it as a trivial matter . He reminds Meeker that his own daughter Kelly was killed by Michael along with many others just a year ago. He shows Meeker his burnt hand which was caused by the explosion at Haddonfield Memorial Hospital back in 1978. Loomis goes on to add that Michael isn't anything but pure evil to the point where even the entity of Hell wouldn't accept him. Officer Markland interrupts the conversation to notify Meeker that he is wanted at the cemetery. Tina arrives at the Carruther's home with groceries. She tries ringing the doorbell, but receives no response. Michael watches Tina inside the house.Tina runs around to the back where Max is chained up in the yard. She reaches for a spare key above the doorframe only to discover that the door was left open. She keeps calling for Rachael but recieves no answer as she enters the kitchen. Michael, watching her every move, stealthily walks from the living room to the hallway. Tina informs Rachael she got her a gift before removing the needle off of the record player. She runs upstairs, laughing, only to look inside of a room and find that Rachael isn't there. She says that she will miss her before she enters a bedroom and looks around. As she grabs a teddy bear off a shelf and lied down onto the bed she suddenly becomes startled by the doorbell. Tina looks out the window to find that it is her friend Sammy. She opens the door only to find that no one is there. Sammy suddenly sneaks up behind her and surprises her. The two embrace. Tina is excited that they have the entire house to themselves for the weekend after it is assumed that Rachael decided to leave the country with her parents. As they leave, Tina returns the spare key to the top of the doorframe. Michael has returned to the living room and watches the girls out the front window. Getting the feeling of being watched, Tina turns around only to find no one at the window.At the clinic, Jamie continues to suffer nightmares. Tina and Sammy arrive at the clinic after Tina expresses an interest in visiting Jamie. They are discussing their plans for the evening as Michael stalks them from a distance. Tina's boyfriend Michael speeds towards the girls in his convertible. Tina hops into the passenger seat when Sammy makes a point that Tina wanted to see Jamie. When Tina postpones, Michael only shakes his head as Sammy aquiesces and gets into the backseat. Jamie hears the revv of the enigne outside which wakes her up. She looks out the window to find Michael staring at her in the distance. She runs towards the front door when suddenly a shadow, presumably Michael's, looms up against the door. Jamie tries to open two other doors but they're locked. After failing to open several other doors, Jamie runs down two flights of stairs to the laundry room where she tears through sheets on clotheslines. She enters the adjoining boiler room where she attempts to climb and hide in a small niche in the wall. The figure following her was only the custodian who calms Jamie down and asks her why she is downstairs. Nurse Patsey enters and also calms Jamie asking if it was one of her dreams again. Jamie shakes her head. She is then returned to her room. Dr. Loomis closes the door. He pleads with Jamie to help him locate and stop Michael reminding her that he made her stab her stepmother. He warns Jamie that she can't hide from him because he will always get to her. Jamie only fears Dr. Loomis and does her best to ignore him. Loomis tells her of the coffin Michael dug up at the cemetery that belonged to an eleven year old girl. He asks Jamie what she thinks he will do with that. Nurse Patsey intervenes and tells Loomis to leave Jamie alone. Loomis continues to offer alliance with Jamie so they can team up and stop Michael together because there is a reason why he has this power over her.Meanwhile, a mysterious man in black clothing with silver-tipped boots exits a Lewis Bros. Stages Bus.Dr. Loomis arrives at the old Myers home armed with a gun. He climbs the front steps and enters through the front door. He looks around for Michael and even calls out is name but receives nothing. Eventually, Michael arrives and kills the cop by banging his head on the dashboard. When Michael gets inside the house, Loomis finds him and tries to reason with him. While attempting to take his knife away, Michael attacks him and goes upstairs. At this time, a police deputy is dangling a rope out of the window and begins to help Jamie climb out. But things do not go according to plan and Michael murders the deputy by hanging him out the window with the rope. However, Jamie manages to run past Michael.She hides in an old laundry chute and is forced to abandon safety after Michael finds her and repeatedly stabs the chute. Michael chases her upstairs. Jamie hides in the attic before spotting Rachel's dog Max hung from a noose, as well as the bodies of Mike and Rachel. Michael finds her, and Jamie tries appealing to her uncle's humanity but ultimately fails after touching Michael's face, sending him into a fit of rage. Loomis appears, using a tranquilizer gun to weaken him and then proceeds to violently beat him unconscious with a wooden plank until Loomis suffers a stroke.In the final scene, Michael is locked up in the sheriff's station, to eventually be escorted to a maximum-security prison. However, the stranger in black arrives and attacks the police station, shooting the officers with a sub-machine gun and causing an explosion. Jamie walks through the station finding the bodies of gunned officers, and goes over to Michael's holding cell to discover that it is empty. The movie ends with Jamie moaning in terror....
tags: good versus evil,  violence,  horror,  murder, 

title: Cabin Fever
synopsis: A man (Arie Verveen) is walking in the woods and comes upon a dog that he believes to be sleeping. After poking it a few times, he pulls the dog up and notices that the dog's flesh is rotted, spurting blood on him in the process.Meanwhile, five college friends, Jeff (Joey Kern), Marcy (Cerina Vincent), Paul (Rider Strong), Karen (Jordan Ladd), and Bert (James DeBello) are driving in a van through rural Alabama on their way to the woods for they have rented a cabin in the woods. Along the way, they stop at a local convenience store for food where a young retarded boy (Matthew Helms) outside the store bites Paul on the hand. The locals standing nearby look at the outsiders in their town with suspicion and scorn.When they arrive at the cabin, Jeff and Marcy immediately retire to their bedroom and have sex. Paul and Karen go for a swim in the lake while Bert goes hunting for squirrels in the woods. He accidentally shoots the man who discovered the rotting dog in the beginning of the film while hunting whom he mistook for a squirrel. By this time, the man's face has become badly rotted. Scared, Bert shoots at him again in order to repel him and runs back to the cabin.That evening, the five kids build a bonfire and share ghost stories with each other. They soon encounter a local college kid named Grim (Eli Roth) who approaches them with his dog, Dr. Mambo. Though he acts a little eccentric, they allow him to join in when he offers them marijuana. However, once it starts raining, he leaves to take care of his camping equipment and the group retreats into the house.Later on that night, they hear a knocking at the door and discover it's the diseased man that Bert shot before. Desperate for help, the hermit comes after the group. He tries to drive away in their car, but vomits blood all over the windscreen and the seats of the car. After the man exits the car, Paul sets-light to the infected man and he runs aflame back into the woods where he dies in the lake.In the morning, a young deputy, Winston Olsen (Giuseppe Andrews), shows up at the cabin and promises Paul he'll call a tow truck. Jeff and Bert walk off down the lake shore when they come to a woman's house to ask for a ride into town. They soon discover that the woman was related to the hermit they killed so they leave quickly. During this time, Karen drinks a glass of water from the lake contaminated by the infected man and begins to feel ill. She goes to bed to rest. Paul later discovers rotten boils on her thighs. Karen is then quarantined in the tool shed outside.Fearing that they will soon also become infected with whatever is ailing Karen as well as the man the night before, the others begin to argue with one another over what they should do about their situation.The next day, they discover Karen's condition is deteriorating fast. Bert also realizes that he himself is infected with the virus. Bert drives off to find a doctor. When Paul and Marcy insist on helping Karen, Jeff runs off into the forest with the remaining beer (the only reliable drinking source). Marcy yells at him as he flees, upset that he has abandoned her.Meanwhile, Bert drives to the convenience store that the group visited earlier pleading for a doctor. He shows increasing signs of infection. The young redarded redneck boy on the bench then runs over and bites Bert again, thereby infecting himself. His father (Hal Courtney) comes outside and, rather than helping Bert, tries to kill him. Bert speeds off and the father grabs two of his redneck friends (Richard Boone and Tim Parati) who arm themselves with rifles to go after Bert to kill him.Now alone in the cabin, Paul finds Marcy sitting despondently on her bed. He tries to reassure her, but she reiterates that they are all doomed to get sick, to the point where all you want to do is grab the person next to you and to have sex with because you know you're gonna be dead soon, anyway. She seduces Paul and they begin having wild sex. Paul expresses concern that they aren't using a condom. Marcy brushes him off without heed by saying Don't worry, I'm healthy! and continues riding him.After they finish having sex, Paul worries about whether Marcy has the disease or not. He goes into the bathroom and attempts to disinfect his penis by pouring Listerine over it. While washing her face, Marcy discovers, with worry, some red marks on her back where Paul grabbed her in the heat of their sexual encounter.A little later, Paul tells Marcy that he's going to bring back Jeff so that they can all walk back to civilization. Marcy urges him to stay, but Paul seems uncomfortable around her after sleeping with her and insists that he has to get out of the cabin. Now completely alone, Marcy has a bath and weeps. The marks Paul made on her back are shown to be developing into gruesome wounds like Karen's.Paul heads over to the local reservoir, and notices a body floating in the lake. He climbs down the ladder and moves the body with a stick. He sees that it is the infected hermit. The dock's ladder rots and gives way, causing Paul to fall into the infected water, ensuring that he is definitely infected by this point.Back at the cabin, Marcy is shown shaving her legs in the bathtub and notices they are beginning to deteriorate as the skin begins gorily peeling off. She runs outside, upset, and is attacked by a now infected Dr. Mambo. Paul returns to find Marcy's body ripped to pieces and Dr. Mambo eating a motionless Karen's face. The dog attempts to attack him too. However, Paul kills him with Bert's rifle. Now alone, Paul goes to check on Karen whose skin has now almost fully rotted off; she is barely alive. To end her suffering, he clubs and impales her with a shovel and then runs for help.Just then, Bert struggles back to the cabin with the rednecks in pursuit. When Bert's pursuers open the door, Bert tries to shoot one of the men but is killed by a shotgun round. Paul comes and successfully kills the store owner and his friends. After fleeing the cabin, Paul decides to look for Jeff. He checks a cave, thinking Jeff is inside, but only finds Grim's dead body.Paul then runs back to Bert's pursuers' car and drives into town. Along the way he slams head-on into a deer, damaging the windshield and the car. He continues on foot until he sees a roadside party thrown by local teens with Winston in attendance. Winston asks Paul about the tow truck just as a police officer gets on the radio warning Winston about Paul and his group whom are infected with a strange disease and that they are to be shot on sight. After all of the party attendees leave, Paul knocks Winston out with a stick. Paul is picked-up by a passing trucker and brought to the hospital.The sheriff and doctors interrogate him while he is lying in a hospital bed, trying to discover the source of the infection, but Paul is slightly dazed and unable to answer all their questions. When he is left alone, Paul pulls up his hospital gown to reveal the tell-tale marks of the disease on his belly. The doctors determine they are not equipped to handle the situation and that he should be transported to a larger, nearby regional hospital. His driver turns out to be Winston. Paul tries to warn him about the water in the reservoir but he can't speak well and only says water. Winston says he will take him to get water.The next morning, Jeff comes out of the woods where he was hiding and makes his way back to the cabin. As he looks around, horrified that his friends are dead, he is suddenly shot to death by the redneck police. The murderous sheriff and his men take Jeff's dead body and pile it on top of the others, which are burned in a fire pit.While unconscious, Paul is dumped into a stream by Winston and left to die. Paul's body infects the water in the stream. Further down are two kids collecting water for their lemonade stand. They sell some lemonade to the sheriff, his deputies and more locals at the store. A natural spring water truck leaves the store with bottles of infected water in the truck... thus beginning the start of a possible epidemic infection.
tags: comedy,  suspenseful,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  insanity,  absurd,  psychedelic,  romantic,  revenge,  storytelling, 

title: Dog Soldiers
synopsis: A couple is seen camping in the Scottish Highlands. The woman gives the man a silver letter opener as a present; shortly afterwards they are killed in their tent by an unseen assailant. Meanwhile, Private Cooper is seen running through a forest in North Wales. He attacks his pursuers but is overwhelmed and wrestled to the ground. It is revealed that Cooper is trying to join a special forces unit but fails when he refuses to shoot a dog in cold blood. He is returned to his unit by Captain Richard Ryan.
Four weeks later, a squad of six, British soldiers, including Cooper, is dropped into the Scottish Highlands, somewhat fed up about missing an England–Germany World Cup match. Expecting to carry out a training mission against a Special Air Service (SAS) unit, they only find their savaged remains. A badly-wounded Captain Ryan, the only survivor, makes cryptic references to what attacked them. Unseen predators then attack the troops. While retreating, Bruce is impaled by a tree branch, killing him, and Sergeant Wells is attacked. He is rescued by Cooper and carried to a rural roadside where the group met Megan, a zoologist who takes them to a lonely house, belonging to an unknown family. The soldiers who remain are Wells, Cooper, Spoon, Joe and Terry. As dark falls, the house is surrounded by the attackers: to the soldiers' incredulity, these are revealed to be werewolves.
They try to get in the Land Rover, but find it has been destroyed by the werewolves. The soldiers maintain a desperate defence against the werewolves, believing that if they can make it to sunrise, the werewolves will revert to human form. Cooper and Megan then treat Wells' wounds. After Terry is abducted and their ammunitions run short, they realize that they will not last and decide to try to escape. Spoon creates a diversion while Joe tries steal a Land Rover from the garage. When he gets in, he sees Terry in the garage being eaten alive by a werewolf, who rips off Terry's head and throws it at the windshield. Joe drives up to the house door, then realizes that a werewolf is hiding in the back seat, going down fighting.
Under interrogation, Ryan reveals that the government had sent him on a mission to capture a live werewolf so that it can be studied and exploited as a weapon; Cooper's squad was supposed to be the bait. An enraged Wells and Cooper attempted to kill Ryan, but he transforms into a werewolf due to his wounds and escapes out of a window, running off into the forest. It is then revealed that the unknown family of the house are the werewolves.
The soldiers try blowing up the barn - where Megan told them the werewolves must be hiding - with petrol, gas canisters, matches and the Land Rover. Once it has been destroyed, Megan reveals that not only were there no werewolves in the barn but she had persuaded them to destroy their only means of transport; she is a werewolf as well and had been suppressing the metamorphosis until she gives in. She also reveals that she unlocked the back door to the house, allowing the werewolves to get inside.
Before she fully transform, Wells runs into the room just in time and kills her with a gunshot to the head. He and Cooper run upstairs and Spoon runs to the kitchen, blocking the door. A werewolf breaks in and Spoon runs out of ammo. He fights the werewolf and using nearby surroundings to his advantage, he gains the upper hand, but is eventually killed when a second werewolf intervenes.
Wells and Cooper shoot through the floor upstairs to elude the werewolves, dropping into the kitchen, where they find Spoon's remains. Wells orders Cooper to take shelter in the cellar as he begins to transform into a werewolf, giving him a roll of photographic film (which was in a flashgun camera used to stun the werewolves) to prove what has happened. The werewolves break into the kitchen and confront Wells as he cuts a gas line and blows up the house, killing himself and the werewolves.
As the sun rises, Cooper attempts to leave but Ryan, who also took shelter in the cellar, confronts him. After a brutal fight, Cooper stabs Ryan in the chest with the silver letter opener, weakening him enough to allow Cooper to shoot him in the head, killing him. Cooper and Megan's dog, Sam, emerge from the cellar and walk off into the woods.
The end credits show that Cooper reported his story to the newspapers, with photographs as proof, headlined under the title of Werewolves ate my platoon.
tags: cult,  horror,  violence,  atmospheric,  humor,  action,  claustrophobic,  entertaining, 

title: Candyman
synopsis: Helen Lyle (Virginia Masden) is an affluent young woman who is working with her good friend Bernadette Bernie Walsh (Kasi Lemmons), on a master's thesis involving modern folklore. Her husband, Trevor Lyle (Xander Berkeley), is a university professor, of whom she suspects infidelity with one of his younger students, and we suspect her home life isn't quite satisfying, despite the fact that she seems to be very much in love with Trevor. Helen and Bernie have been interviewing numerous people about various 'urban legend' type stories. One young woman tells them a story about Candyman, a mythical being who has a hook instead of a right hand. The legend goes that Candyman will appear behind you if you say his name five times while looking in a mirror. Clara (Marianna Elliott) dares rebel other-boyfriend Billy (Ted Raimi) to repeat Candyman's name five times in front of the mirror while she's babysitting the Johnson family's baby. Billy only repeats it four times but when she is left alone in the bathroom, getting ready to lose her virginity to Billy and not Michael, her too good boyfriend, Clara repeats the name a fifth time. Then, she turns off the light and right behind her, Candyman's appears and kills her with her hooked arm.As Helen reviews the recorded conversation in an empty classroom one night at the university, a cleaning woman overhears the story about Candyman and pays special attention to it. Henrietta Mosely (Barbara Alston) calls in another cleaning woman, Kitty Calver (Sarina C. Grant), who tells Helen about the murders that have taken place in Cabrini-Green, Chicago, the low income housing project where she lives. The people of Cabrini-Green have attributed the deaths to Candyman, as the victims have been butchered with a weapon determined to be a hook. The mention of the murders leads Helen to research it in archived newspapers, and she finds out the names of the victims. Even more intriguing to her is the fact that her own apartment building was designed exactly like Cabrini-Green; she learns that it was intended as another housing development, but eventually the idea was scrapped when the developers realized that the location was too desirable; Helen and Bernie theorize that the white developers relocated the housing project to a more forbidding area that would keep the ghetto separated from the rest of the city. Helen is aware that the units in her building are connected to one another through the medicine chests in the bathrooms; when removed, they reveal a small space that links the apartments together. Helen knows that Cabrini-Green's apartments must be the same, and that the stories of Candyman coming out of the medicine chest could indicate a human assailant who had also made this discovery. With Bernadette in tow, she visits Cabrini-Green and finds the apartment of one of the murder victims; on the other side of the medicine chest is a strange lair, with holes in the wall and elaborate graffiti-style artwork depicting a large man's head with a hole in the wall for a mouth. Helen is fascinated by it, as well as the fact that an altar appears to have been constructed there as well, with candy left behind as an offering.Helen and Bernie meet Anne-Marie McCoy (Vanessa Williams), the neighbor of the deceased victim. Anne-Marie is initially hostile to them, as she feels the presence of white people in the all-black housing development indicates nothing but trouble (Bernie herself is black, but Helen is white, and the tenants they meet on the way inside mistake them for police officers). But eventually Anne-Marie softens and invites them into her apartment. Helen is taken by Anne-Marie's baby boy, Anthony (Lanesha Martin & Latesha Martin) admitting she would like to have a child of her own one day. Anne-Marie says that she is determined to make a better life for her son, one that does not involve Cabrini-Green or the drug-dealing youths that loiter on its grounds.While at dinner one night with Bernie, Trevor, and a few of Trevor's colleagues, Helen makes the mistake of baiting Philip Purcell (Michael Culkin), a snobbish folklore expert, by mentioning her thesis project. Philip attempts to belittle Helen by telling her that he's already written an essay about Candyman. Philip shares with her Candyman's strange back story, revealing that he was the son of a slave who had come into a great deal of wealth due to an invention that became hugely successful. Candyman grew up well-schooled and comfortable, and was a prodigious artist who was in high demand among the wealthy to paint their portraits. Eventually Candyman had an affair with the daughters of one of his wealthy white clients, and when she became pregnant the man exacted a horrible revenge on Candyman. He sent hired goons to attack Candyman, cutting off his right hand, stripping him nude, and smearing him with the honeycomb of a hive of angry bees. He was killed by the numerous bee stings. Philip claims that it all took place on the site where Cabrini-Green now stands.Even more intrigued, Helen returns to the building on her own. When she finds Anne-Marie is not home, she meets a young boy named Jake (DeJuan Guy) who gives her more information. Another death in the project was attributed to Candyman, the brutal castration of a young boy (Kenneth A. Brown) who entered a filthy public men's room only to meet an attacker who cut off his genitals, resulting in his death. When Jake takes Helen to the site, she goes inside and starts taking photographs, but a group of young toughs enters after her. One man (Terrence Riggins) approaches her and announces that he is Candyman, and his is carrying a large hook, which he uses to beat Helen's face, knocking her unconscious. Later in a police lineup, she identifies her assailant, much to the satisfaction of Detective Frank Valento (Gilbert Lewis), who informs Helen that the young man who beat her was suspected of the previous murders. He had been using the legend of Candyman to frighten the residents of Cabrini-Green into silence, and Helen's testimony will help to put him away. Helen meets Jake there at the police station, and she thanks him for his help, explaining that her attacker was human and that Candyman is not real. Jake almost seems disappointed.Some time later, Helen and Bernie have a discussion where Helen reveals that she is unsettled by the fact that the two murders, both of which featured black victims, went practically unnoticed, while her own mere assault caused a lockdown of Cabrini-Green, presumably because she was a white victim. Bernie surprises her with slides from her camera, which Helen had assumed was a complete write-off after the attack in the men's room. On the way back to her car, Helen looks at the slides, when suddenly she is confronted by a strange figure, a tall black man wearing a long coat and speaking in an unearthly voice. She realizes this is Candyman, although she can barely comprehend how it is possible. Candyman urges Helen to become his victim, almost as if he were speaking to a lover. He tells Helen that because she has exposed the real killer at Cabrini-Green, she has caused a sudden rift in his world; the belief in him by hundreds of people is what allows him to go on living. Helen's incident has caused this belief to drop, and now he is in danger of ceasing to exist entirely. Candyman intends to kill Helen, which would then give rebirth to his legend and cause belief to surge once more. Helen swoons and loses consciousness.When she awakens, she is disoriented, and realizes that she is somehow in Anne-Marie's apartment. She is covered in blood, and Anne-Marie is screaming hysterically in another room. A meat cleaver is lying next to Helen, and she picks it up, terrified at what she may find going on in the other room. She finds Anne-Marie's dog, decapitated, its blood everywhere. Anne-Marie is screaming over the empty crib of her son, who is now missing. When she sees Helen approaching her with a cleaver, she immediately thinks Helen is responsible, and she rushes at her, attacking her. When it seems as if Anne-Marie may kill her, Helen strikes her with the cleaver, wounding her shoulder, just as police break though the door of the apartment and surround Helen.At the precinct, Helen is subjected to a strip search in a humiliating way by a rude policewoman (Rusty Schwimmer) who would not even get close to her, only bluntly asking her to take off all her clothes. Later, Detective Valento appears, this time speaking furiously to Helen. It is clear that everybody thinks she is responsible for the attack and kidnapping of Anne-Marie's child. She makes a phone call to Trevor, only to discover that Trevor is somehow not home, even though it is 3am. The next day he comes for Helen and takes her home, helping her though a throng of reporters and news cameras. Her lawyer (John Rensenhouse) tells Helen that the prosecutors seem to have released her because they think the child's body will turn up and they will then charge Helen with murder 1, which he thinks is unlikely to stick. Helen is somewhat comforted, but she still cannot comprehend what has happened to her. She questions Trevor about where he was at 3am, and he claims he was home, sleeping.The next day, Helen looks more at the slides she took at Cabrini-Green, and in one shot she is able to see Candyman standing behind her, even though he was not there when she took the shot. He then appears to her once again, emerging from her medicine chest, then seemingly everywhere at once. She cannot escape him. He talks to her again, saying she belongs to him and that she will be immortal if she surrenders to him. She is paralyzed with fear, but she hears Bernie knocking at the door to her apartment, carrying a spray of flowers, presumably to cheer Helen. Helen tries to scream and warn her, but Bernie enters and is killed by Candyman.This time Helen awakens under much more dire circumstances. Trevor enters the room and she watches bloodied Helen holding a knife asking him to help her. She gets handcuffed to a gurney and being given injections. She breaks free from her police guard and rushes into the other room to see Bernie's mutilated corpse. As Helen is taken away in a police car, she hears Candyman's voice, and she begs him not to hurt the baby. Helen is taken to an institution and strapped down and injected, but when she is alone, Candyman appears to her again, hovering in the air over her. He tells her that her life is over and that she belongs to him now. When she screams for help, medics come in and of course, they cannot see Candyman, only Helen.Helen is eventually taken to see Dr. Burke (Stanley DeSantis), who informs her that he is working for her defense. Helen is astonished to learn that she has been in the facility for an entire month, under heavy sedations. When they breach the subject of Candyman, Helen calls for him by looking into a mirror and saying his name five times. Candyman appears and kills Dr. Burke, then slashes Helen's bonds. He levitates through a window and disappears, smashing the glass. Helen uses the window to escape, edging her way to another room and knocking a nurse unconscious, stealing her uniform and ultimately escaping the hospital.Helen goes home to her apartment and is in for an even greater shock: Trevor has moved his young student in, and they are in the process of completely redecorating the apartment. They are terrified to see Helen, as she has been accused of savage crimes. She tells Trevor he was all she had left in the world, and then she leaves, much to their relief. With nowhere else to go, Helen goes to Cabrini-Green and seeks out Candyman's lair. She finds him asleep and tries to kill him with a hook, but he awakens and tells her to surrender to him. He promises Helen that the pain of her death will be exquisite, and that she needn't fear the afterlife, as she will be immortal like he is. He tries to kiss Helen and bees swarm out of his mouth and his body, stinging Helen, and she swoons.Helen regains consciousness and finds that she is alone. Looking at the walls of the lair, she realizes, through paintings he has done on the walls, that she herself is the image of Candyman's lost love, the young woman that he lost his life over many years before. Wandering outside, she hears the baby crying from somewhere nearby, and realizes that Anthony is inside the large pile of scrap wood and garbage that the resident of Cabrini-Green intend to burn for a bonfire. When she goes into the pile to rescue him, Jake awakens and sees her scrambling among the garbage, with a hook in her hand. Mistaking her for Candyman, Jake alerts a group of other residents and together they go outside with gasoline and torches to burn Candyman alive on the bonfire. As the flames spread, Helen reaches the baby inside the bonfire, but Candyman appears to restrain her from escaping. He encourages Helen to stay with him and be burned alive in order to fuel their own legend. Helen fights back, impa.ling Candyman with a burning shard of wood, and she manages to crawl out of the fire while protecting baby Anthony. Anne-Marie sees them and is overcome, both by finding her child alive and realizing that Helen has delivered him safely out of the burning wreckage. Badly burned by the fire, Helen dies.At Helen's funeral, Trevor a few others are the only mourners, until suddenly they look up and see a huge group of residents from Cabrini-Green marching among the gravestones, making their way to her gravesite. Anne-Marie and Jake are at the forefront. Anne-Marie is carrying baby Anthony triumphantly. Jake removes Candyman's hook from under his coat, apparently pulled from the ashes of the fire. He drops it into Helen's grave.After the funeral, Trevor and his new girlfriend Stacey (Carolyn Lowery) are at their apartment, the same apartment where Helen used to live. Trevor has isolated himself in the bathroom, shaking with grief, while the young girl angrily waits in the kitchen, seemingly annoyed that Trevor is greiving the loss of his wife. Sobbing, Trevor looks in the mirror and mumbles Helen's name and over and over. Suddenly, Helen appears behind him, a ghostly apparition holding a hook. She uses the hook to murder Trevor, gutting his body and leaving it lying in the tub for his new girlfriend to find. Her own legend has just begun.
tags: horror,  revenge,  cult,  gothic,  violence, 

title: Alone in the Dark
synopsis: A man named Preacher (Martin Landau) walks into Mom's Diner on a snowy evening, sits at the counter, and orders the usual. An unattractive fish on a platter is brought to him and Leo Bain (Donald Pleasence) the chef, comes out from the back and begins talking to him. It starts to rain right inside the diner. Preacher is hoisted up on chains and Bain swings a cane knife as Preacher sits up in his bed and screams. It was all a nightmare he is having while residing in a insane asylum.The next day, Dr. Dan Potter (Dwight Schultz) arrives at the hospital to see the clinic director Dr. Leo Bain, and Bain hugs him even though they have never met. Bain is apparently just as crazy as most of the patients at the hospital. At home later, Dan is moving things into his new house with his wife Nell (Deborah Hedwall) and their 11-year-old daughter Lyla (Elizabeth Ward). That night at the hospital, one of the patients, Frank Hawkes (Jack Palance) gets out up of bed, places his hands near a window, causing a gate to shut and an alarm to go off.The next day, Dan arrives back at the hospital to meet with Bain again where Bain introduces Dan to his patients kept on the maximum security third floor, whom Bain calls voyagers. They include Hawkes, a former World War II P.O.W. who went insane and was committed for fighting and nearly killing a few recent Vietnam War P.O.W.s out of anger and frustration. The other is Byron Sutcliff, Preacher, a former priest who was committed for setting fire to and burning down three churches believing himself to be a messenger from God. Ronald Fatty Elster (Erland Van Lidth) is a 370-pound child molester and pedophile. John Skagg, the Bleeder (Phillip Clark) is a murderer who was committed for strangling two women and who gets nosebleeds whenever he kills. Skagg refuses to show his face before Dan. Dan tells the group that the previous doctor, Harry Merton, had to leave, but Hawkes expresses suspicion and hostility towards Dan. That night, Hawkes tells the others that he thinks Dan has killed Merton and believes that Dan intends to kill them. Hawkes tells them that they must break out somehow and kill Dan.The next day, Ray Curtis (Brent Jennings) the lead orderly on the third floor, tells Dan that the four voyagers want to kill him for his stern rules and says that they are intense. Ray pushes a button that shuts a steel door to his office and he tells the doctor that electricity is the only thing that separates him and the voyagers.Outside in the gated courtyard where the patients intermingle, Preacher asks Bain for a match and he uses it to set his suit coat on fire and swings it at people. Dan tries to stop him, but Preacher only pushes him aside in anger. Bain walks up to Preacher and whispers something in his ear which calms him down. Bain tells Dan that he told Preacher that he threatened to hoist him up and cut him in half every time his misbehaves. In Dan's office, Ronald sneaks in and finds a letter address to Dan and a framed picture of Nell and Lyla. Meanwhile, Dan goes to speak with Hawkes about Merton, and Hawkes says he knows the doctor is somewhere in nearby Philadelphia.Dan arrives home that afternoon and he meets his visiting younger sister Toni (Lee Taylor-Allan) who arrives for a visit. Toni invites them all to a rock concert in town and during the drive, Nell lets Toni in about the patients Dan is treating and also lets Toni know why John Skagg is called the Bleeder. At a nightclub, Dan, Nell, and Toni arrive and watch a punk rock band named the Sick Fucks perform. Dan certainly does not enjoy the music. Suddenly, the electricity for the place goes out. The crowd heads outside and sees that there is a blackout.In the hospital, Preacher sits up in his bed claiming I made the lights go out! Hawkes puts his hands near the window, and neither the gate nor alarm are active, so the four voyagers walk out of the room. Preacher and Ronald find Ray hiding in a closet in his office, and after Preacher punches and kicks him a number of times for his abuse, Ronald picks up Ray and breaks his back. The group walks outside where the hulking Ronald punches through a car window to get at a doctor attempting to drive away and throws him out. The four psychopaths drive away in the doctor's car.At a nearby shopping center, the four voyagers arrive where a mob of looters have broken into several stores. Entering a sporting goods store packed with more looters, the four escaped maniacs don new clothes for themselves and arm themselves with a variety of weapons. Hawkes takes a crossbow with several arrows, plus a few handguns. Preacher takes a large Bowie knife and a double-bladed axe. Ronald takes only a baseball bat, and Skagg dons a hockey mask with a gardening fork. Outside, Skagg The Bleeder swipes a man with the gardening fork, killing him, and apparently disturbing the other voyagers so much that they get into the dead guy's van and drive off, leaving the Bleeder behind.The next day, Dan arrives at the hospital to learn from Bain about the four escaped patients and of the people they killed. With the power still off from an apparent statewide power outage, Dan has to report to the police about the four maniacs on the loose. In a nearby neighborhood, Hawkes, Preacher, and Ronald are driving around and torment a bicycle messenger and when the man mouths off to them, calling Hawkes an asshole the enraged Hawkes throws the van in reverse and plows into the bicycle messenger.At Dan's house, Preacher arrives wearing the bicycle messenger's hat and uniform and tells Nell claiming that he has a telegram for the doctor. Nell offers to take it, but Preacher says that he will come back later. Nell is slightly spooked by Preacher's strange behavior. After Preacher leaves, Toni tells Nell to accompany her to an anti-nuclear protest that is going on in town.A little later, after Toni and Nell leave, Lyla comes home to a vacant house, and Ronald is there, claiming to be her babysitter. Ronald is friendly towards Lyla, but she is a little unsettled by his strange behavior. Ronald suggests going to Lyla's room to show her what he can do with cut-out paper.Meanwhile, Toni and Nell are in jail having been arrested with dozens of other protesters. Toni meets a certain Tom Smith, one of those arrested with them during the demonstration. When it is time to make their phone calls, Tom lets Toni use his turn at the phone where she calls Dan at the hospital to tell them where they are and to bail them out. Dan then calls Bunky (Carol Levy), Lyla's real babysitter, to go over to his house to make sure that Lyla is okay. Bunky arrives at Dan's house and after looking around, finds Lyla asleep on her bed. Bunky then calls her boyfriend, Billy, and invites him to come on over.Billy arrives a short while later and Bunky invites him up to the master bedroom so they can have sex. While making out on the bed, Bunky hears a noise coming from the closet and asks Billy to check it out. He is pulled under the bed and the bowie knife is jabbed through the bed several times at Bunky who is able to dodge it. Bunky jumps off the bed and runs to the bedroom door. Just when Preacher comes out from under the bed, Bunky runs out of the bedroom only to be grabbed by Ronald who strangles her to death.Later, Dan arrives home with Nell, Toni and Tom when they see cops all over the house. Lyla is fine as she told them about Ronald who was there, but the police apparently do not know about the murdered Bunky and Billy. Tom asks to stay for dinner and Dan also invites Detective Barnett to stay as well in case any more of Dan's escaped patients pay a visit.That evening, Dr. Bain is trying to get a hold of Dan on the phone, but he is getting no response. At nightfall, the Potter family is having dinner when Detective Barnett goes outside after hearing a noise. As the family and Tom watch from a window, a crossbow is fired and Barnett is hit and pinned to a tree. The group reacts quickly and begins making sure all the doors and windows of the house are locked, but they also learn that the phone is dead. Toni is too scared to go upstairs alone for she tells Dan that she once had a breakdown and spent time in a mental hospital as well. Tom goes upstairs instead and secures all the windows. When Dan looks back outside, he sees that Barnett's body is gone.After an arrow is shot through a window, Tom and Dan barricade the front door with furniture as well as some of the windows as another few arrows are shot through the windows as well.Meanwhile, Bain is told by the telephone operator that the phone line to the Potter residence is out of order. He sets out to the Potter residence. At the house, the group hears a car approaching and it is Bain who gets out and tells them that their phones are out of order. Dan and the others yell at Bain to get back in his car and drive away. After Dan yells at Bain that the voyagers are there, Bain decides that it would be best to try to talk with them and calls them out. Preacher comes out of hiding from the nearby bushes and Bain (who is just as insane as all of the other psychos) tries to talk with him to come back to the hospital. Preacher angrily responds by slashing off Bain's left year with his Bowie knife and then tries to get inside the front door when Dan opens it to try to help. Bain runs back to his car and Preacher turns back towards him and runs over beside the vehicle and yells Romans 12.19: Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord! Preacher pulls out his axe and swings it. A minute later, Tom looks out of a window and no one is inside Bain's car.Dan tries to scream to the men outside and tells them that he did not murder Dr. Merton, but he gets no reply. Suddenly, Barnett's dead body is thrown by Ronald through a window, and the group stacks furniture against it as Hawkes shoots another arrow through the broken window. Toni think she sees another window open and when she goes to close it, a bloody body jumps through the window at her. But she only imagined it. When Dan asks her what is wrong, Toni says I'm getting sick again.Minutes later, when the group smells smoke, Dan realizes that Preacher must have broken into the basement and is planning to set fire to the house. When Nell goes to look for the fire extinguisher, she finds the dead Bunky and Billy in a closet. Dan runs down to the basement, and struggles with Preacher and knocks him out with the fire extinguisher, and puts out the fire. Upstairs, Ronald bursts into the house from the kitchen back door and runs for the group with his baseball bat. Lyla ducks under a table and cuts his leg with a knife, and Tom swings a large cleaver into his back. Tom then picks up Ronald's baseball bat and beats the cleaver in further, and Ronald falls over dead.Dan decides to make run for it and he runs outside to get to Bain's car to try to hotwire it to drive away and get help. Inside, Tom embraces a shaken Toni.... and blood begins to pour from his nose. Nell sees this and immediately realizes who Tom really is. Tom/Skagg wraps his hands around Toni's neck and begins to strangle her. Dan runs back inside when he hears the screaming and grabs Tom away from his sister. Lyla hands her mother the knife and Nell uses to stab Tom in the stomach, killing him. Suddenly, Preacher comes out of the basement and Dan struggles with him. Dan manages to twist the large bowie knife out of Preacher's hand, and stabs him the chest with it and throws the fatally wounded Preacher back into the basement. As Dan, Nell, Lyla and Toni gather together for comfort, Hawkes appears standing in the kitchen doorway with his crossbow aimed right at time. It's not just us crazy ones who kill, says Hawkes. Suddenly, the electricity comes back on and Hawkes sees Dr. Merton interviewed in a news report on television. Evidently upset, Hawkes breaks the TV and leaves the house and runs off into the night.Hawkes walks through the town and passes the nightclub where the Sick Fucks are playing. He enters the club and beats up the doorman outside who insults him. In the club, Hawkes watches the punk rock band perform, when a girl whacked out on drugs walks up to Hawkes and says something to him. He pulls out his .45 caliber gun and points it at her neck. She looks at it and laughs, and so does Hawkes.
tags: comedy,  suspenseful,  grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: The Curse of Frankenstein
synopsis: The movie opens with text over a red background that reads, More than a hundred years ago, in a mountain village in Switzerland, lived a man whose strange experiments with the dead have since become legend. The legend is still told with horror the world over...It is the legend of... A clever segway into the title: The Curse of Frankenstein. Credits follow.A man on horseback approaches a prison in the mountains along a narrow pathway. A church bell chimes the hour as a man opens the gate for the rider. He is a priest (Alex Gallier). He is escorted by the Warder (Michael Mulcaster) to see Baron Victor Frankenstein (Peter Cushing). The warder explains that the prisoner is dangerous. The Baron wishes to see the priest because he thinks he can trust the man with his story. He starts his story, I suppose it was when I was a boy at school. I always had a brilliant intellect. When my mother died, I inherited the Frankenstein fortune.The Young Baron (Melvyn Hayes) is escorting his extended family out of his house after his mother died. His uncle (Raymond Ray) leads the family delegation. Aunt Sophie (Noel Hood) and her daughter, young Elizabeth (Sally Walsh) stay behind. Aunt Sophie wants reassurance her allowance will continue uninterrupted. After confirming the money will continue, Victor quickly escorts the two relatives out the door. As they are leaving, a dapper gentleman in a brown top hat arrives. Paul Krempe (Robert Urquhart) walks into the house and presents himself to the new, but very young, Baron. He had corresponded with the Baron for a tutor. Initially he thinks there must be some mistake or a joke, but Victor explains the tutoring is for himself and he is serious. The two hit it off immediately. After two years, I learned all he had to teach, but we went on together probing into the unknown, investigating, recording, searching, always searching until gradually the sweep of our research began to assume a single direction and to this aim we finally turned all our energies. It took us years of unrelenting work to discover what we were seeking. With chemical and electrical apparatus they were able to restore life to a dead puppy. Paul sees the possibilities of their discovery. He notes, If we could delay or prolong the period in which the body is apparently dead while the heart is alive wed have a living body with only the barest life-spark present. That what that would mean when it came to performing major surgery! Paul wants to write up their findings and present it at a medical conference within a month. Victor expresses his opposition because he wants to experiment further and does not want to share the secret, not yet at least. He proposes the next step. Rather than just restore life, he wants to create life from the beginning. He tells Paul, We must build up our own creature, and built it up from nothing. We must create a human beinga perfect human. Paul disagrees, What you're saying is nonsense, a revolt against nature. Such a thing could only end in evil. Victor persuades Paul to continue the work. He proposes to obtain a body, and knows a highwayman was hanged for his crimes and suggests they retrieve it. They take a horse and cart and cut down the body and return it to their lab. Paul notes that half the head has been eaten away. Victor quickly cuts the head off, explaining it is of no use. He dumps it into a vat of acid in the storage room next door. They remove the old clothes, wrap the body in bandages and place it in a large, glass tank. Now Paul voices his objection to the whole exercise, I don't think we should continue with this. Victor tells Paul he will be leaving for a while but does not explain where or why.Justine the maid (Valerie Gaunt) carries refreshments into the living room and asks Paul if the Baron has returned. She answers the door, expecting that Victor has returned. To her disappointment it is not the Baron but a woman who tells her she was expected and needs help with her luggage. Elizabeth (Hazel Court) is the Baron's cousin and we learn later his fiancée. She mistakes Paul for the Baron. Victor arrives home in an excited state calling for Paul. He is not surprised to see Elizabeth. He and Paul rush off to the lab upstairs leaving Elizabeth annoyed and confused.Victor unwraps something from a small black bag. He proudly displays two hands, cut off at the wrist. He explains they are Bardello's hands--the hands of the world's greatest sculptor. Paul voices his objection to exposing Elizabeth to the experiment. He tells Victor, While you were away, I decided I could not continue with this experiment. He tries to convince Victor to stop, but he is unsuccessful. Victor remains in the lab and will graft the new hands on by himself. Paul goes downstairs and tries to convince Elizabeth to leave. In this he is also unsuccessful, mainly because he will not explain the nature of the experiment or the danger. She explains she is to be Victor's wife.Outside the lab, Victor and Justine embrace and kiss. Victor is just toying with the maid. She believes she will be his wife, but Victor tells her that Elizabeth is to be his wife. The next morning Victor prepares to leave on another trip. Elizabeth talks to him about the household accounts and possibly assisting in other ways. Victor pays a visit to the Municipal Charnel House and buys a pair of human eyes. Victor takes them home to examine them when Paul asks to see him. He reiterates his refusal to help Victor with his work. Victor proudly shows Paul how far he has gone on his own. Paul turns away from the tank with revulsion and exclaims, It's horrible! Victor tells Paul that once a genius brain is obtained and installed the creature will take on a benevolent face. When asked where the brain will come from, Victor replies, I'll get it.Victor and Elizabeth are in the living room entertaining a visitor. Professor Bernstein (Paul Hardtmuth) accepted an invitation from the Baron for dinner and to spend the night. The professor tells Victor that discoveries can be mishandled. Paul enters the room and is introduced to the distinguished professor. Victor escorts the old man upstairs to his room. At the top of the stairs Victor shows him a painting, maneuvering the old man closer to the bannister, which gives way. Victor pushes the old man through and down to his death. Professor Bernstein is given a burial at the Baron's expense and in his family vault. Later that evening the Baron retrieves Bernstein's brain. He carefully places the jar in his bag and prepares to leave the vault. Paul arrives, expecting to find Victor and accuses him of murder. Paul intends to stop Victor from using the brain, and tells him so. They briefly struggle over the bag and the jar is broken.Paul calls on Elizabeth in her room and again begs her to leave. He explains he only stays to ensure her safety. In the lab, Victor is picking pieces of glass out of the brain, trying to salvage it. He puts the brain into the skull and prepares to revive his newly finished creature. He starts the chemical and electrical equipment as an electrical storm brews outside. Paul is upstairs in his room preparing for bed. As the tank empties, Victor goes to Paul's room and again asks for help. He admits, That apparatus was constructed for dual operation. You know that. I thought I could work it myself, but I can't. But Paul gleefully replies, I'm delighted. A lightning bolt starts the electrical components and the body in the empty tank begins to breathe. Victor promises that after the experiment is completed he will dispose of the body. Paul reluctantly agrees to help. Victor returns to the lab and hears glass breaking. He unlocks the lab door and standing there is the creature. It pulls away the bandages covering its head to reveal a scarred and hideous face (Christopher Lee). One eye is blue, the other brown, and it stares at its creator with hate. It grabs Victor and chokes him. Only Paul's quick action saves Victor. He breaks a chair over the thing's head. The creature stumbles and falls to the floor. Paul demands the creature be destroyed as Victor straps it down to a table. Victor tells Paul he will operate on the brain the next morning and try to correct its homicidal tendencies. But the next morning the lab is a shambles and the window broken. The creature has broken free and escaped.Victor and Paul search the countryside for the creature. An old blind man (Fred Johnson) and his grandson (Claude Kingston) are out in the woods for a stroll. The old man sits and the grandson goes down to the lake shore to pick mushrooms. The creature encounters the old man. After a brief exchange he kills the old man. The grandson returns to where he left his grandfather. Victor and Paul find signs and follow it into the woods. They find it, and Paul shoots the creature through the eye. The creature falls and is pronounced dead. They bury it in place and return to the house.Paul goes to the lab and tells Victor he is leaving. With the creature dead, he no longer needs to stay and protect Elizabeth. But Paul doesn't know Victor dug his creation up and returned its lifeless body back to the lab. Victor stares at his creature hanging in the store room and promises, I'll give you life again. Victor is dressed and tells Justine she can serve dinner. Justine reminds Victor of his promise to marry her. Her trump card is the revelation she is pregnant with his child. He does not believe he is the father, but Justine informs the master that Elizabeth will believe her. She adds that she will go to the authorities regarding the experiment. He fires the maid and orders that she leave the next morning. That night Justine goes up to the lab to get the proof she will need for the authorities. Victor leaves the lab door unlocked and Justine enters for a look. She enters the storage room and finds the revived creature. When she tries to flee, Victor locks her in, knowing his homicidal creation will kill her. It does.A week later, Victor and Elizabeth are having breakfast. Elizabeth inquires about Justine. Victor lies and tells her, I expect some village lothario eloped with her. They discuss the wedding plans. Elizabeth reveals she invited Paul. Instead of being angry, Victor casually informs her he hopes Paul comes. He says that he has something to show Paul.It is the eve of the wedding, and a reception at the Baron's home is underway. The Burgomaster (Andrew Leigh) is enjoying the laced punch and practicing his speech. His wife (Ann Blake) reproaches her drunk husband and they leave for home. When all the guests have left, Victor announces he will be working in the lab. Elizabeth is disappointed and tells her future husband. Paul does not attend the reception, but does come later that evening. Elizabeth tells Paul to go surprise Victor. Victor is preparing a plate of flood when Paul knocks on the lab door. Victor invites his old tutor into the lab. He leads him to the storage room. Paul is shocked to discover the creature chained to the wall and showing signs of brain surgery. Victor orders the creature onto its feet. It struggles but stands, then sits when ordered. Paul chides the Baron about the creature's lack of perfection, but Victor reminds Paul, There you see the result of your handiwork as much as mine...but you damaged it. You put a bullet in the wretched thing. This is your fault, Paul. Paul exits the lab, promising to go to the authorities and have them destroy the creature. Victor chases after him. He leaves the lab door unlocked and Elizabeth enters the lab. The creature breaks its chains. Elizabeth enters the storage room and sees the vat of acid. The creature gets out onto the roof. Victor and Paul see it and Paul goes to the village for help. Elizabeth goes outside to explore a noise she heard. Victor grabs a pistol and goes out to the roof. Firing at the creature he hits Elizabeth, then the creature. Only wounded, the creature approaches Victor. A well-aimed toss of an oil lamp sets the creature ablaze. The creature falls through the skylight and straight into the acid filled vat below.We return to the prison, and the priest still listening to the story now finished. Victor concludes, My life's work destroyed. Destroyed in a moment. And by the same hand that gave it life. Paul comes to visit Victor at the prison. Elizabeth was only wounded and recovers. She is also at the prison, but stays in the waiting area. Victor begs Paul to tell the priest about the creature and to verify the story, but Paul denies it. He does accuse Victor of murdering Justine. Victor claims it was the creature who murdered the maid. The priest leaves the cell. Victor tries to kill Paul, but the jailer prevents it. Paul leaves the cell and returns to talk to Elizabeth. He takes her home. Victor is led to his execution. The last scene is of a guillotine, seen in silhouette, and the credits roll.
tags: suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  revenge, 

title: Black Christmas
synopsis: The film opens at night on a snow-covered college campus. There is a Christmas party underway in one of the sorority houses, a large converted mansion. The sorority sisters and many of their boyfriends are inside. Outside in the snow, a point-of-view shot illustrates someone looking into the windows. The person breathes heavily and seems to be a man, but this is all we can tell. The person prowls around before climbing a rose trellis and entering the house through an attic window. He then climbs down through the attic trap door and lurks in the upstairs of the house, watching the girls downstairs.One of the sorority sisters, Barb Coard (Margot Kidder), receives a phone call from her mother. Barb seems to have been planning on going home over the Christmas holiday, but her mother has made plans to go away with her latest boyfriend. Barb calls her mother a gold-plated whore and says she'll make other plans for the break. She asks fellow sorority sisters Phyllis Carlson (Andrea Martin) and Jessica Bradford (Olivia Hussey) to go skiing with her instead. Jess also gets a phone call from her boyfriend, Peter (Kier Dullea), an aspiring concert pianist. She seems tense and wants to talk to Peter about something important. She says she'll see him tomorrow at the rehearsal studio. After their boyfriends leave, the girls get another phone call; Jess answers the phone and announces to all the other girls that its The Moaner. Together they listen to the bizarre phone call, which starts out with simply heavy breathing and then
escalates into strange ranting and obscene language. Barb gets on the receiver and bawls out the caller, firing back with her own obscene comments, until the caller suddenly lowers his voice and says I'm going to kill you. He then hangs up.A sorority sister named Clare Harrison (Lynne Griffin) seems more timid than the others. She questions Barb's judgment in provoking an unstable individual, and reminds her that a girl from town was raped recently by an unknown assailant. Barb reacts angrily and upsets Clare, who then goes upstairs to pack; her father is picking her up the next day to take her home for Christmas. Clare finds Claude, the house mother's cat, in her room, even though the door is closed. She is unaware the killer is watching her from within her closet. In a morbid twist, the psychopath meows like Claude and lures Clare into the closet, where he lunges at her and wraps plastic cleaning bags around her head, smothering her to death. He then carries her body up into the attic and places it in a rocking chair by the window, the plastic bag still over her head. He places a doll in her lap and refers to her as Agnes.Downstairs, the other girls are oblivious to Clare's death, and they welcome in the house mother, Mrs. Mac (Marian Waldman), who seems to have just returned from shopping. They present her with a Christmas gift: a frilly nightgown. She pretends to like it but makes sarcastic remarks about it (and the girls themselves) while she is alone. Mrs. Mac goes to the library and seeks a book--B for Booze!--and hidden inside of it is a bottle of brandy, from which she takes a secret drink. She later fishes a bottle out of the toilet tank in her bathroom, as well, and rinses her mouth with booze after brushing her teeth.The next day, Clare's father (James Edmond) comes to collect her, but she is not at the appointed place. When he seeks her at the sorority house, he is shocked by the sexually suggestive posters he finds in her room, and also surprised that she has a boy's photo next to her bed (her boyfriend, Chris). Mr. Harrison seems to blame Mrs. Mac for the permissive attitude in the house. Mrs. Mac assures him that Clare is a good girl, and that she's probably just at one of the fraternity houses visiting Chris. Mr. Harrison offers to drop Mrs. Mac off at the store on his way there. Before they leave, Mrs. Mac hears Claude meowing but cannot find him; he is in the attic.Jess visits Peter while he is practicing for a very important audition, and she breaks some news to him: she is unexpectedly pregnant. Peter thinks it's good news, but Jess admits that she wasnt even going to tell Peter about it. Jess intends to get an abortion. Peter is adamantly opposed to this, and makes an ominous threat against Jess for even considering such a thing.Barb is at the fraternity house with Phyl's boyfriend, who is dressed like Santa and taking photos with small children. Barb has a bottle of wine and is getting drunk, and she gives one of the children sips of her alcohol. Mr. Harrison phones home and assures his wife that they will find Clare.Back at the sorority house, Jess receives another obscene phone call. This one is more elaborate; the killer speaks in several different voices and makes references to Agnes and Billy. He also seems to be speaking in the voices of two adults, presumably the parents of Agnes and Billy. The voices even seem to overlap at times, adding to the unsettling effect. Jess is upset, especially after her confrontation with Peter.Phyl and Barb take Mr. Harrison to the police station to report Clare missing. The officer on duty at the desk, Sgt. Nash (Douglas McGrath), endures hostility from Barb about the incident. Sgt. Nash tells Mr. Harrison that hes sure Clare is just somewhere with Chris. Sgt. Nash asks Barb for the phone number at the sorority house, and she tells him its Fellatio-20880. It's a new exchange, FE she explains. Nash, who apparently does not know the meaning of the word fellatio, writes it down and thanks her.Back at the sorority house, Mrs. Mac tells Jess that Clare is missing, so Jess goes to see Chris while he is at hockey practice. Chris is furious when Jess tells him that the police are not taking it seriously because they think she's shacked up somewhere with him.Peter performs his audition and fails miserably, distraught about the news Jess has given him. The instructors who listen to the recital are shocked that he cannot seem to hit the right notes, and later he destroys the piano after they've gone.Chris and Jess appear at the police station and Chris angrily lashes out at Sgt. Nash for having a big mouth (meaning his suggestion that Clare was shacked up with him). Lt. Fuller (John Saxon) overhears and becomes interested in the case--he has already been taking another missing person report from a distraught mother named Mrs. Quaife, whose 13-year-old daughter Janice has suddenly disappeared while on her way home from school.Mr. Harrison has dinner with Phyl, Barb, and Mrs. Mac at the sorority house, but Barb is extremely drunk and launches into a vulgar tirade that ends with her lashing out at the others. Barb feels guilty because she was careless to Clare, and she says the others think her disappearance is Barb's fault. Barb's curt suggestion that Clare might be dead shocks Mr. Harrison, and Phyl reacts angrily, telling Barb to go to bed. Barb goes upstairs and leaves them alone. Meanwhile, Jess and Chris come back to the house and tell the others about Janice Quaife's disappearance. A search is underway, and Phyl and Mr. Harrison join them. Mrs. Mac tells them that she's leaving for her sisters house and may not be there when they return. When Jess leaves, Mrs. Mac packs her bags and calls a cab, but she is distracted by sounds from the attic: the killer lures her into the attic by making sounds like the cat. When Mrs. Mac opens the attic door, he swings a large hook at her, designed to pull things up into the attic crawlspace. The hook impales her under her chin and hangs her. Outside, the cabbie becomes impatient and leaves.The extensive search of the park turns up a body: Janice Quaife. Jess rushes back to the house, where she receives another frightening phone call from the killer. Again he uses multiple voices and reenacts some weird scenario involving naughty Billy and baby Agnes. This time, Jess calls the police to report the obscene phone calls. As she talks to Sgt. Nash, a figure approaches her from behind and startles her--it is Peter, who has been napping in the house while waiting for Jess to return. Nash does not take Jess's report seriously, although Mr. Harrison is sitting near him in the police station and overhears him talking to Jess about the calls. He and Phyl and Chris tell Lt. Fuller about it, and Lt. Fuller angrily scolds Nash for being so inept.Meanwhile, Peter proposes to Jess. He would like to quit the conservatory and marry Jess and be a father to her child. Jess, however, refuses. She does not want to get married or have a child yet, as she has things she wants to accomplish first. Peter becomes hurt and angry, telling Jess that she's talking about killing their baby as if it's like having a wart removed. Jess becomes frightened by his mounting hostility, and tells Peter to leave.Just as Peter is walking out, Phyl arrives with Lt. Fuller and a phone company rep named Graham, who puts a tap on the house phone. Fuller notices that Peter seemed angry, and he questions Jess about it. He also looks around Clare's room and asks more questions about her. Graham asks if there is another phone in the house and Fuller tells him that it is a private line belonging to Mrs. Mac and that there have been no obscene phone calls on it, so they don't tap it. Fuller tells Jess that he'll be listening in on all of her phone conversations from the station, and Graham tells her to keep the caller on the line for as long as possible so that he can trace the call. Fuller has also left an officer in a squad car outside to watch the house.When he leaves, Phyl begins crying and tells Jess that she's sure Clare is dead. Tired and emotionally exhausted, she goes to bed, and Jess waits for another phone call. Meanwhile, the killer goes into Barb's room and watches her sleeping. Barb, who has asthma, suddenly suffers an attack, and Jess rushes to her aid with an inhaler. Barb tells her that she had a nightmare about a stranger coming into her room. Barb goes back to sleep, and Jess is distracted by a group of Christmas carolers at the front door. The singing masks the sounds of Barb's murder; the killer returns and stabs her to death using a glass ornament near her bed.The carolers are suddenly rushed off by a concerned parent who has just found out about the murder of the little girl in the park. Jess hears the phone ringing, and it's the killer. He wails at her in a strange voice, and says It's just like having a wart removed! before hanging up. Jess is shocked; these are words she used in private to Peter. Lt. Fuller picks up on this but Jess denies that it has any significance. Phyl comes back downstairs and Jess tells her about what just happened; Phyl seems to not think the killer could possibly be Peter, and neither does Jess, but she is not sure. Peter himself calls then, and begs Jess not to kill the baby. This conversation doesn't last long enough to trace, either, but Fuller calls to ask Jess about what they were talking about. Jess admits she's pregnant, and that Peter objects to an abortion, and Fuller seems to think that Peter could be the caller after all. Jess, however, has a revelation: Peter was here at the house with her when one of the calls came through, so it couldnt be Peter calling. Fuller is still suspicious, and he requests Peters records from the Dean of Admissions. He goes to the conservatory and finds the piano violently smashed.Jess is convinced that she can now rule out Peter as a suspect, and both she and Phyl are relieved. They have a brief laugh after they are startled by two bumbling men from town who are out looking for the killer. Phyl and Jess go around the house locking all the doors and windows, when Phyl goes into Barb's room. Just inside the door, someone whispers Agnes! and the door slams shut. Jess tries to find Phyl but the phone rings; its the killer again. This time Jess keeps him on the phone long enough for Graham to trace the calls--they are coming from 6 Belmont Street, the same address as the sorority house itself. Nash radios Fuller with the news, and Fuller realizes the calls are coming from the house mother's phone. He tries to radio the policeman parked outside the sorority house, but the cop is now dead, his throat slit by the killer. Fuller radios Nash and tells him to call Jess and warn her to get out of there, without letting on that the killer is in the house with her. Nash, of course, is unable to do this; when Jess tells him she's going to go upstairs and get Phyl and Barb, Nash admits that the calls are coming from inside the sorority house itself.Jess is terrified, and she screams out for Phyl and Barb over and over again. The house is silent. Instead of leaving, Jess gets a poker from the fireplace and goes upstairs. In Barb's room, she finds the bodies of both Phyl and Barb on the bed. From the crack in the door, Jess sees the killer's eye watching her. Agnes, its me, Billy! Don't tell what we did! he whispers. Jess slams the door on him and runs. Howling in rage and pain, the killer chases after her. With no time to unlock the front door, Jess heads for the cellar. The killer catches her hair as she passes the stairs, but Jess is able to break free and bolt the cellar door behind her just in time. Eventually the maniac stops pounding on the door, and Jess hears sounds as if he is going out the front door. Unsure, she remains in the cellar. Through the basement windows, Jess can see someone prowling around the house. Unable to gain admittance, the figure seems to spot Jess in the cellar; it is Peter. He calls out to her but Jess ignores him. Peter breaks a window and enters the basement with her. Whats the matter, Jess? he asks, as she approaches her. He will not be dissuaded.Outside, Fuller arrives with other policemen close behind, and they find the patrolman dead in his car. Hearing Jess screaming from inside the house, they break in. By the time they reach the basement, they find Jess and Peter lying together; they appear to both be dead, but Jess stirs. She has killed Peter with the fire poker.A doctor gives Jess a sedative and she is sleeping, although the house is bustling with activity. Fuller, unable to question her, hypothesizes about the case, convinced that Peter was the killer. Mr. Harrison suddenly goes into shock. The doctor intervenes and wants to take Mr. Harrison to the hospital. Chris leaves with them, and so do the other police officers, leaving Jess alone and unconscious with a guard in front of the house. After they leave, the house is silent, and the attic door opens. The bodies of Clare and Mrs. Mac are still up there, unnoticed by anybody yet. The killer climbs down out of the attic, saying Agnes, its me, Billy! As the camera slowly pulls away from the house, we see the lone police officer on the front porch, smoking a cigarette. Suddenly the phone begins to ring, just as it did after all the murders that came before.
tags: comedy,  avant garde,  dark,  murder,  mystery,  cult,  horror,  suspenseful, 

title: Halloween
synopsis: Unrated Cut
Michael Myers (Daeg Faerch), a ten-year-old boy living in Haddonfield, IL, is bullied at school and his family life is little better. His mother, Deborah (Sheri Moon Zombie) dances at the local strip club and constantly fights with her boyfriend, Ronnie (William Forsythe). Full of rage, Michael hides behind a Halloween clown mask and tortures and kills pets. He shows tenderness only to his infant sister. After Michael has an encounter with a bully at school on Halloween, Dr. Sam Loomis (Malcolm McDowell) presents to Deborah evidence of Michael's abuse of animals and informs her that her son displays warning signs of sociopathology. Michael runs from school, follows the bully into the woods and beats him to death with a branch. That night, Judith refuses to take Michael trick or treating so she can stay home to have sex with her boyfriend when Deborah goes to work. Left to his own devices, Michael savagely kills Ronnie, Judith (Hanna R. Hall), and her boyfriend. After he is done, he tenderly cradles his infant sister in his arms.Michael is convicted of first degree murder and incarcerated in the Smith's Grove mental hospital under the care of Dr. Loomis. Deborah visits him weekly. Michael claims not to remember the killings and begs to go home. After several months of fruitless treatment, Michael snaps and kills a nurse (Sybil Danning). Distraught, Deborah commits suicide. Michael grows into a hulking adult male and remains locked in the sanitarium for the next fifteen years, speaking to no one and spending the time making masks. Dr. Loomis gives up on treating him and instead writes a best-selling book describing him as irredeemable evil.On October 30th Michael (Taylor Mane) is sitting in his cell making masks. Two orderlies at the asylum, who happen to be cousins, are on duty and are taking advantage of a new female inmate. They decide to have some fun in Michael's room, Michael is making a mask, once he finishes he slaughters the two guards and takes the keys, then escapes into the night. At a truck stop, he kills a driver (Ken Foree) in the bathroom and steals his overalls. By the next morning -- Halloween -- he has returned to his family home in Haddonfield, which has remained abandoned since his mother's suicide. There he retrieves the butcher knife he used to kill Ronnie and one of the masks he wore that night, which he had hidden beneath the floorboards.Laurie Strode (Scout Taylor-Compton) is a good-girl student and daughter in Haddonfield. Her father is a real estate agent trying to sell the old Myers home, which local legend has is haunted. As a favor for him, Laurie drops some paperwork off at the Myers house. Michael sees her and is intrigued. He follows her to high school and watches her. Laurie's more outgoing friends Lynda and Annie (Kristina Klebe and Danielle Harris) are more sexually active than the boyfriend-less and frustrated Laurie, who spends her Halloweens babysitting ten-year-old Tommy (Skyler Gisondo). Annie persuades Laurie to babysit her own charge on Halloween night, Lindsey, so she and her boyfriend can fool around instead.Lynda, meanwhile, goes to the old Myers house with her boyfriend to party. After they have sex, Michael kills them. He then proceeds to the Strode house, and as soon as Laurie leaves for her babysitting assignment, he kills her parents. After Annie drops Lindsey off with Laurie and Tommy, she and her boyfriend begin to have sex at Lindsey's house. Michael enters and kills the boyfriend but leaves Annie alive after brutalizing her. A few hours later, Laurie walks Lindsey home and finds Annie naked and trembling and her boyfriend's corpse hanging from the ceiling. Laurie sends Lindsey back to Tommy's and then calls the police. Michael attacks Laurie but she manages to escape back to Tommy's as well. Michael follows her, kills the police who have arrived and abducts Laurie.Dr. Loomis has been informed of Michael's escape. After buying two high-powered handguns, he travels to Haddonfield and pleads with Sheriff Brackett (Brad Dourif) to believe that Michael Myers has returned. Only after his call to the Strodes goes unanswered does Brackett fear the worst. He reveals to Loomis that Laurie Strode is Michael's sister, adopted by the Strodes after Deborah committed suicide. Loomis realizes Michael senses this truth but doesn't know what Michael will do about it.Loomis and Brackett go to Lindsey's house. There Brackett finds the sobbing Annie, who is his daughter. Meanwhile, Loomis goes to the Myers house. Michael has taken Laurie there. Michael gives Laurie a photograph of them as children and drops his knife. Laurie stabs him and escapes into the backyard. Michael pursues her and corners her in the empty swimming pool. As he advances into the pool to retrieve her, Loomis appears and pleads with him to stop repeatedly, after this fails he shoots Michael in the back several times. Loomis and Laurie try to escape, but Michael rips Laurie from the car before they can. Loomis pleads with Michael to stop and tells him to give Laurie to him, Finally Michael gives in and releases Laurie to Loomis. As Dr. Loomis and Laurie walk away Michael drops the knife and the police that have arrived on the scene led by sheriff Brackett, open fire on Michael repeatedly until he falls. Loomis pleads with them to stop as Laurie cries. The scene fades black as it replays the sounds of a taped session between Michael and Dr. Loomis.* * * * * * * * * * (THEATRICAL VERSION)* * * * * * * *Ten-year-old Michael Myers (Daeg Faerch) is tormented by his family, and school bullies, as well as showing an interest in masks and killing animals. It is Halloween and he has an incident with a bully at school. His mother is called in for a discussion of Michael with the school's psychiatrist. Dr. Sam Loomis (Malcolm McDowell) presents to Deborah (Sheri Moon Zombie) a dead cat and photos of dead animals as evidence of Michael's abuse of animals. He informs her that it represents warning signs of displaced hostility and aggression. Loomis wants to evaluate Michael further in order to make an accurate assessment.However, Michael runs from the school, follows the bully into the woods and beats him to death with a large tree branch. That Halloween night, Michael is home getting ready to go trick or treating, but is bullied by his mother's boyfriend (William Forsythe). Afterwards, he goes and kills his pet rat. His mother works as a stripper and is getting ready to go to work. She and her abusive boyfriend have a loud and violent argument and Michael's frightened baby sister cries. Michael's mom lets him know she cares for him and tells his older sister to take him trick or treating as she goes off the work. Michael's sister wants to have sex with her boyfriend instead and tells Michael to go by himself and that he's too old anyway. Michael comes back home and eats some crummy candy that he got thinking of his next move. Michael ends up slicing his mother's boyfriend's throat by taping him down and gagging him. His sister Judith (Hanna R. Hall), and her boyfriend are going at each other upstairs. The boyfriend being its Halloween wants to do it in a William Shatner mask. Michael ends up killing the boyfriend and taking his mask. He wears the mask when he kills his older sister in a violent knifing.Michael is convicted of first degree murder and taken to Smith's Grove Sanitarium, where he is placed under the supervision of Dr. Loomis. For the first eleven months, Michael cooperates with Dr. Loomis, claiming no memory of killing anyone. His mother Deborah visits him regularly, where he shows her the masks he has been creating. Upon some advice from an orderly, Michael closes himself off, and does not speak to anyone. After an incident where Michael attacks and kills a nurse (Sybil Danning), Deborah Myers, unable to cope with all the tragedy, takes her own life; her infant daughter is put up for adoption.For the next fifteen years, Michael (now played Tyler Mane as an adult) continues making his masks and not speaking to anyone. Dr. Loomis' experience with Michael allows him to write a book, and give seminars on what he deems as the look of a true psychopath. On the eve of Halloween, Michael is to be transferred to a more maximum security prison. While there he kills two asylum guards, and takes the keys from them and escapes. Later that night, Michael kills a trucker and steals the man's overalls. He returns to his home in Haddonfield where he finds the knife he killed his sister and mother's boyfriend with, and the mask he stole from his sister's boyfriend.The story shifts to Laurie Strode (Scout Taylor-Compton), and her friends Annie Brackett (Danielle Harris) and Lynda Van Der Klok (Kristina Klebe) on Halloween. Throughout the day, Laurie witnesses Michael watching her from a distance. Dr. Loomis comes to Haddonfield looking for Michael, picking up a .357 Magnum handgun in the process. He teams up with Sheriff Brackett, Annie's father, (Brad Dourif) in an effort to locate Michael before he can kill anyone else. That evening, Lynda and her boyfriend Bob (Nick Menell) travel to the abandoned Myers' home, a regular occurrence for them, so they can have sex. Michael kills the two of them, and then walks to the Wallace home, where Annie is babysitting Lindsey Wallace (Jenny Gregg Stewart). Annie convinces Laurie, who is already babysitting Tommy Doyle (Skyler Gisondo), to watch Lindsey, so that she and her boyfriend Paul (Max Van Ville) can be alone. Annie and Paul return to the Wallace residence, where Michael is waiting. Michael kills Paul, and stabs Annie repeatedly. Sheriff Brackett informs Dr. Loomis that Michael's baby sister is Laurie Strode. Laurie calls the police, and Dr. Loomis and Sheriff Brackett head to the Wallace residence to find the girls. Michael kidnaps Laurie and takes her back to the Myers' home where he tries to show her that he is her older brother. Laurie fights back, injuring Michael, but he corners her in an empty, in-ground pool. Loomis arrives and shoots Michael before he can kill Laurie. Before Loomis can drive away, Michael grabs Laurie again, dragging her back to the house. Loomis gains Michael's attention, and convinces him to release Laurie. He then strangles Loomis as Laurie tries to hide in the Myers home. Michael follows and soon corners her upstairs. After a brief struggle, the two fall off of a balcony. When Laurie regains consciousness, she finds Loomis' gun on the ground near her and crawls to her seemingly unconcious brother. He grabs her arm right before she shoots him right in the face. Exhausted, injured, and covered in blood, Laurie screams as the police arrive. Before you watch this, consider the MPAA rating. It's right.
tags: murder,  realism,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  humor,  tragedy,  sadist,  home movie, 

title: Misery
synopsis: In this darkly humorous thriller, James Caan portrays Romantic novelist Paul Sheldon, famously renowned for his trademark character, the film's namesake 'Misery' Chastaine. shortly after finishing his latest book, he drives of back to New York from the Silver Creek lodge. After a while, his car swerves off the icy road in a blizzard. In the car, he has a flashback in which he is talking to his agent (portrayed by Lauren Bacall) about his last Misery book. He is rescued by nurse Annie Wilkes (Kathy Bates) who takes him back to her house for two days and reveales that she is his number one fan, hence the infamous quote I'm your number one fan. When Annie asks if she can read his new book (in manuscript form) she proves to be more than a little eccentric when she lashes out in a fit of rage over the swearing in his book. When she leaves the room he seems fraked out and looks like he wants to leave quickly. The next day, Annie brings home a copy of the final Misery book and over the days reveals how many pages she has read. During which, she introuces him to her pet sow, Misery.The following night, she nearly kills him over the fact that he has killed Misery in his final book, tells him that she never called the local hospital (which she said she had) and threatens to kill him if anything happens to her. He immediately tries to escape but fails. The next day, Annie seems happy and tries to persuade him to burn the manuscript to which he seems reluctant. Later, she reveals she wants him to write a new book in which Misery comes back to life. When he sees a hairpin on the floor, he has an idea to buy time, he asks Annie to buy some different paper because his current paper smudges, to which she responds with another fit of rage. Whilst she is out shopping, Paul uses the hairpin to unlock his bedroom door and escape. However, he soon finds out that the front door is locked as well. He makes a visit to her living room and medicine closet. In the living room he accidentally knocks a small ceramic penguin off the table and puts it back the wrong way (this will become important later). He also realises that Annie's phone is a fake one, cancelling his chances of contacting the outside world. In the medicine closet, he takes some of the pills the Annie had been giving him for his fracture. He also tries to escape through her back door in the kitchen but cannot open it (I forgot to mention that he was bedridden for a few days and currently in a wheelchair). Soon, he hears Annie returning and immediately races back to his room. Fortunately, he gets back to his room in time just when she opens the door. She gets him back into bed and gives him a notepad and his pills (which he pretends to swallow).The following night, he saves up a lot of powder from the pills. In the morning, an argument starts between Paul and Annie about the book, which escalates into a humorous fit of rage about her growing up in Bakersfield watching chapter plays. Meanwhile, the local authorities find Sheldon's '65 Mustang buried in the snow. When Annie reads some of Paul's new manuscript she responds happily. Paul requsts that Annie have dinner with him to celebrate Misery's return. At the dinner, Paul makes a toast to Misery's return but asks if she has any candles. Whilst Annie is looking for them, Paul puts the powder in her wine. When she returns she almost makes the toast but drops her drink in the process, ruining Paul's plan.The next scene shows a line of clips of Paul writing the book. In the last clip, Annie gives him his pills and talks about committing suicide. When she leaves the house, he goes out of his room again and reads her scrapbook. It includes many newspaper clippings, revealing that she killed her father, her college roommate and many patients in hospitals. He grabs a knife from the kitchen and wheels himself to his room. Later, he awakens to the sight of Annie as she forcibly sedates him. In the morning, she ties him to the bed and reveals that she knows that he has been out of his room (the scrapbook, the ceramic penguin, the hairpin). Then, she 'hobbles' him (puts a block of wood betwen his feet and hits them with a sledgehammer)In the next scene, 'Buster' the local sheriff sees an emotional outburst in the town and researches her history. Later, he pays a visit to her house to look around. When he leaves, he hears a noise and goes back inside to find Paul in the basement and is shot by Annie. When she says she wants to kill him then herself, he requests finishing the book first. later, he is writing the book and requests 3 things: a cigarette, matches, and Dom Perignon champagne. When Annie returns, he also requests two glasses. whilst she is out of the room, he pours flammable liquid onto the manuscript and burns it, which escalates into a brawl resulting in Annie's death.18 months later, Paul is seen in a restaurant with his agent, refusing to write a book about his experiences. He mistakes a waitress for Annie in a haunting vision as she repeats Annie's line: I'm your number one fan.
tags: psychological,  neo noir,  murder,  mystery,  dramatic,  violence,  revenge,  horror,  insanity,  claustrophobic,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Murderock - Uccide a passo di danza
synopsis: At the Arts for the Living Center in New York, Candice Norman (Olga Karlatos) oversees the latest dance routine choreographed by Margie (Geretta Marie Fields). Candice tells Margie that the act needs even more perfection in preparation for a visit from three talent agents. The academy director Dick Gibson (Claudio Cassinelli) meets with TV producers Bob Steiner and John Morris, who watch a video of the dance, and Candice learns that the men will only select three dancers for an upcoming TV show. That evening after the dance class is over, one of the dancers, Susan, is murdered in the locker room by an unseen person who chloroforms then stabs her in the heart with a long hairpin needle. NYPD Lieutenant Borges (Cosimo Cinieri) arrives on the scene to investigate. Also with Lt. Borges is the police profiler and psychotherapy professor Dr. Davis (Giuseppe Mannajuolo). With Candice nowhere to be found, suspicion begins to focus not only on her but on the victim's boyfriend Willy Stark (Christian Borromeo), as well as Dick Gibson.
Candice arrives back at her apartment, where she finds Dick waiting. He wants to talk about the potential relationships between the students, and tries to convince Candice that there is nothing going on between him and any of the other students. While he is there, the DJ from the studio, Bob, phones Candice and updates her on the murder at the academy.
The next day, the routine at the campus continues as normal, causing Dick a great deal of upset, since nobody seems to care about Susan's death. At a nearby coffee shop, Lt. Borges talks to Dick about a possible rivalry between the dancers. That evening at a local nightclub, another student from the academy, Janice, dances alone for an audience and then walks home to her apartment. As with Candice the previous night, she finds Dick waiting and wanting to talk. In her bedroom, Janice finds a photograph of Dick and Susan, but when she calls out to him, he is gone. Janice finds her pet canary dead with a hairpin needle through its body. Panicked, she runs to the front door, where she is attacked and killed by the unseen assailant who thrusts a hairpin needle into her heart.
Candice begins having nightmares of being attacked by a handsome young man (Ray Lovelock) wielding a long, ornamental needle identical to the one used in the killings. Candice becomes more obsessed with the dream assailant when she sees an advertising billboard which features him prominently. Unable to shake the feeling that they are in some way predetermined to meet, Candice tracks down the man in the poster to the seedy Fulton Hotel, and bribes the desk clerk for the key to Mr. Robinson's room. She explores the room, but is shocked when the handsome model returns suddenly. The man introduces himself as George Webb who, to Candice's repulsion, is a drunken and disheveled wreck. With what seems like disappointment mingled with terror, Candice flees from the room, leaving her purse and ID behind.
Meanwhile, Lt. Borges records a phone call to the police station from a person claiming be the killer. When a voice analyst identifies it as Bart, one of the dancers, Borges arrests him. Bart confesses to the phone calls as well as to killing Susan because she was crazy, and Janice because she was Hispanic. Borges, however, states his belief that Bart is not the killer, but a pathological liar.
George goes to the academy to return Candice's purse where another dancer, Gloria, recognizes him from a modeling show they appeared in years earlier. Dick sees George and Candice on a security monitor and calls Borges saying that George must be the killer. Over lunch at a local Chinese restaurant, the relationship between Candice and George becomes closer when she confides in him about an incident years earlier, when a man on a motorcycle ran her over in a hit-and-run putting an end to her dancing career and forcing her to teach. Back at Candice's apartment, she gets a phone call from Phil (Lucio Fulci), a local talent agent, who has made a background check for her on George and informs her that he once had an affair with a young girl who later died. At the studio, Candice is attacked by Margie, using the killer's M.O., but she is subdued by Dick, who turns Margie over to the police.
A few days later, Jill, another dancer, baby-sits for the wheelchair-bound Molly, who takes pictures of her. When Jill answers a knock on the front door, the killer forces his way into the apartment and stabs her with the hairpin. Molly frantically snaps away, but does not get a clear view of the killer's face. The police arrest Dick when he's found running away, claiming that he only arrived after the attack to find Jill dead. The following night, the killer attacks and kills Gloria in the locker room in the same manner.
At George's hotel room, Candice lets herself in and finds a hairpin and bottle of chloroform in his drawer. Candice rushes out to her car and drives away. George arrives and seeing what Candice found, tries to call her at her apartment, but she is not home. At the police station, Candice tells Borges of her discovery and that George is the killer and names the hotel where he is staying. Candice then goes over to the academy which has been closed down for the night, and finds Gloria dead in the locker room. She calls Borges and tells him to meet her at the academy.
Candice runs to the manager's room and finds George there. He turns on the music and a video showing all the dancers who have been killed. George walks in with the hairpin murder weapon and asks Candice why she planted this evidence in his hotel room, thus connecting him to the murders. Candice then reveals that she has known from the very start that it was he, George, who was the hit-and-run motorcycle rider who ran her over, ruining her career, her future and her life. She tells him that she killed the young dancers out of jealousy of their talent, their beauty and their rising careers, all the while planning to frame him for the killings as her final act of revenge against him. She grabs George's pin-holding hand and intentionally impales herself on it. Just as she falls to the floor, breathing her last, Lt. Borges and Dr. Davis arrive on the scene but, before George can begin to explain, they reveal that they already know he is not the killer. When they saw the photo slide Molly took of the killer's jacket, they noticed that the buttons on the jacket were on the left side, indicating that it belonged to and was being worn by a woman. In addition, Candice told them details about the lion's head hairpin needle used in the killings, information that, since it had never been made public, only the killer could know. George leaves with Lt. Borges as the police seal off and investigate the scene.
tags: cult,  horror,  murder,  violence,  revenge, 

title: Låt den rätte komma in
synopsis: Twelve year old Oskar (Kåre Hedebrant) is so wimpy that he's constantly picked on by the other boys at his school, especially Conny (Patrik Rydmark) and his two friends, Martin (Mikael Erhardsson) and Andreas (Johan Sömnes). Out of fear, Oskar never fights back. In the evenings, however, he sits in the courtyard rehearsing knife attacks on his tormentors. One evening, Oskar notices a new girl about his age and her father moving into into #15, the apartment next door to his. Oddly, the first thing they do is to cover the windows with cardboard. What Oskar doesn't know is that Håkan(Per Ragnar) is not Eli (Lina Leandersson)'s father... he is her renfield... and Eli is a vampire. It is Håkan's job to bring Eli fresh blood, which he gets by killing other humans. First he anesthetizes them with halothane, then he strings them up by the feet, slits their necks, and catches the blood in a jug, leaving the bodies to be discovered the next day. Unfortunately for Eli, Håkan is having problems securing blood for her. On his first kill after moving into the new apartment, he either lost or forgot the jug filled with blood. Consequently, Eli is beginning to get hungry.One evening, as Oskar is in the courtyard stabbing a tree in lieu of his tormentors, he notices Eli watching him. She's not very friendly, as she tells him right off that she can't be friends with him. The next evening, they run into each other again in the courtyard. Oskar notices that Eli is not wearing a coat even though it's the dead of winter in Stockholm. What's more, she's not even cold. And she smells bad. Still, Oskar shares with her his Rubik's cube and shows her how to work it. After Oskar has gone inside, Eli goes hunting. She waits in the shadows under a bridge. When two neighborhood friends, Jocke (Mikael Rahm) and Lacke (Peter Carlberg), part company, and Jocko walks under the bridge, Eli calls out, Help me! Thinking that the little girl has fallen, Jocko picks her up. Suddenly, Eli latches onto him and bites his neck. Gösta (Karl-Robert Lindgren), a friend of the two men, sees everything from his apartment window. By the time he is able to stumble into the Sun Palace Cafe and get help, however, Jocko's body is gone (Håkan has already covered up the killing by tossing the body into a pond), but they do find Jocko's blood in the snow. The next morning, Oskar finds that Eli has solved the Rubik's cube and left it in the courtyard. When they meet there later in the day, Eli is a bit more friendly, taking the time to explain to Oskar how she went about solving the puzzle. She also smells better, but it's odd that she cannot remember her birth date when Oskar asks. Since Eli doesn't know her birth date, she doesn't celebrate her birthdays and gets no presents, so Oskar offers her the Rubik's cube.The next day at school, Oskar stays after class to copy the symbols for Morse code from the encyclopedia. On his way home, he is confronted by Conny and his two friends. When Conny orders Oskar to show him what he copied from the encyclopedia and Oskar refuses, Martin grabs Oskar and Andreas begins to whip his legs with a stick. As an added measure, Martin slaps the stick against Oskar's cheek, gashing it. Oskar later tells his mother that he fell during recess. But when Eli asks what happened, he tells her the truth. Eli tells him that he must start to fight back. If so, they will stop tormenting him. If they don't stop, Eli promises to help him. Oskar shares with Eli the Morse code that he copied from the encyclopedia. That night, they practice tapping on the wall that separates their apartments. The next day at school, Oskar signs up for the weight-lifting program. Later, he takes Eli to a candy store and offers her a piece. At first, she refuses; then she tries one. Oskar finds her heaving on the sidewalk around the corner. He hugs her. Eli asks him whether or not he would still like her if she wasn't a girl. I guess so, Oskar replies, not quite understanding what Eli is asking.As the friendship between Oskar and Eli deepens, Håkan starts feeling a bit jealous. He tries again to obtain blood for Eli. This time he preys on a student alone in the weight-lifting room, but he is interrupted when Matte (Christoffer Bohlin)'s friends come to pick him up. Knowing that he is trapped and about to be discovered, Håkan pours acid on his face so that he can't be identified. When Eli learns that Håkan has been taken to a hospital, she shows up asking for her father. The desk clerk tells her that Håkan is on Level 7, so she climbs up the outside of the building until she gets to his window. Håkan lets her in and offers her his neck. After Eli drinks his blood, Håkan falls to his death. Eli returns to the apartment building and taps on Oskar's bedroom window, asking to be let in. Oskar is almost asleep but he tells her to come in. Eli crawls into bed with him, and Oskar notices that she doesn't have any clothes on. He asks her whether she'd like to go steady with him, and Eli replies I'm not a girl. That doesn't seem to bother Oskar, so they decide to go steady. The next morning, Eli returns to her own apartment, but she leaves a note for Oskar that reads, To flee is life; To linger is death. Your Eli.One afternoon on a school outing to a local pond for some ice skating, Conny, Martin, and Andreas again confront Oskar with a warning that they are going to push him into an ice hole. This time, however, Oskar stands up for himself and takes a swipe at Conny's head with a stick, causing his ear to bleed. At the same time, two younger students gone off to pee behind some trees notice a body frozen in the ice. The police are called, and the body is cut free. Later that afternoon, after school is out, Oskar brings Eli to a basement room at the school. When Eli asks why they're there, Oskar pulls out a knife and cuts his palm, offering to mix bloods with her. Watching Oskar's blood drip on the floor, Eli can no longer stand the hunger that she's experiencing now that Hakan is not providing her with blood. She falls to the floor and begins to lap up Oskar's blood.The body stuck in the ice is identified as that of Jocko's. Jocko's drinking buddy, Lacke (Peter Carlberg) and his girlfriend Virginia (Ika Nord), try to convince Gösta to tell the police what he saw the night that Jocko was murdered. During the discussion, however, Lacke defends his closeness with Jocko by pointing out that Virginia is cold, Consequently, Virginia storms off. Lacke follows her to the subway where Eli jumps on her. Fortunately, Lacke is able to kick Eli off before she kills Virginia. Unfortunately for Virginia, Lacke's save only means that Virginia is doomed to become a vampire. She notices the change the next morning when she opens the blinds and quickly closes them again. That evening, she visits Gösta's apartment looking for Lacke, but she is viciously attacked by Gösta's cats. Later, in the hospital, Virginia realizes that she's been infected with something and decides that she doesn't want to live. She asks the doctor to open the blinds to her room. Immediately, she is consumed in flames.A wimp he might be but Oskar is not a dummy. He has figured out that Eli is a vampire and confronts her. Knocking on the door ot her apartment, he is let in to see that there is no furniture and that Eli smells bad again. When Eli comes to his apartment and asks to be invited in, he stalls, asking her what would happen if he didn't invite her in. Eli steps inside and begins to bleed from various places on her body. Oskar relents and invites her in. Eli explains that she drinks blood because she has to. Apparently, Oskar understands, as he allows Eli to shower and put on one of his mother's dresses. As Eli dresses, Oskar peeks in the door and notices that Eli has a horizontal scar across her public area and no evidence of a vaginal slit. [NOTE: In the novel, Eli was born male and castrated at age 12 by the vampire that turned him.] When Oskar's mom comes home, Eli immediately scampers across the window from Oskar's apartment to hers, even though it's two stories up.The next morning, Oskar finds a note from Eli asking him whether he wants to meet her that evening. Lacke has somehow traced Eli to her apartment. He breaks in and finds her asleep in the bathtub. Because he can't see in the dark, he rips open the cardboard covering the windows. Oskar, who was in the apartment waiting for Eli to wake up, screams NO! giving Eli sufficient time to jump on Lacke and drink his blood. After feeding, Eli thanks Oskar, but informs him that she must go away. That night, Oskar looks out the window to see Eli moving.The next day, Oskar gets a call from Martin, asking whether or not he's going to be at swimming practice that afternoon. Martin also tells Oskar that he thinks Oskar was right to stand up to Conny. That afternoon, while Oskar is in the pool, someone starts a fire in the trashbin out back, forcing the attendant to leave the pool area unattended. As Martin distracts Oskar, Conny, Andreas, and Conny's big brother Jimmy (Rasmus Luthander) enter the pool area. Jimmy orders everyone else out of the pool. When they are alone with Oskar, Jimmy gives Oskar an ultimatum... either stay under water for three minutes or have one of his eyes poked out... Oskar's eye for Conny's ear. Then Jimmy grabs Oskar's hair and pushes him under. A minute passes. Suddenly, feet can be seen skimming on the surface of the water, followed by Jimmy's severed head, and then Jimmy's severed arm. An almost drowned Oskar is pulled from the water by Eli, who has just slaughtered three of Oskar's tormentors, leaving the fourth sobbing on the side of the pool.Epilogue: Oskar sits on a train. Snow is falling outside. A large basket sits in front of him. From inside the basket comes a rapping. Oskar raps back in Morse Code, P-U-S-S, Swedish for kiss. [Full synopsis by BJ Kuehl]
tags: dark,  boring,  cruelty,  murder,  gothic,  suspenseful,  violence,  cult,  horror,  atmospheric,  romantic,  revenge,  sentimental, 

title: Sleepy Hollow
synopsis: In 1799, New York City police constable Ichabod Crane is dispatched by his superiors to the Hudson Highlands hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, to investigate a series of brutal slayings in which the victims have been found beheaded. A frequent user of new, though so far unproven investigative techniques such as finger-printing and autopsies, Crane arrives in Sleepy Hollow armed with his bag of scientific tools only to be informed by the town's elders that the murderer is not of flesh and blood, rather a headless supernatural warrior from beyond the grave who rides at night on a massive black steed.Crane does not believe them and begins his own investigation, until he comes face to face with the Headless Horseman. Boarding a room at the home of the town's richest family, the Van Tassels, Crane develops an attraction to their daughter, the mysterious Katrina, even as he is plagued by nightmares of his mother's horrific torture under his zealous preacher father when he was a child.Delving further into the mystery with the aid of the orphaned Young Masbeth, whose father was a victim of the Horseman, Crane discovers within the Western Woods both the Horseman's entry point between this world and the beyond, the gnarled Tree of the Dead with the heads of his victims within, and his grave. Ichabod discovers the horsemans skull is missing. The horsemen comes out of the tree and rides into town, taking two more victims. As the horseman leaves the house, It passes ichabod without killing him. Brom arrives and shoots at him; still the horseman doesnt try to kill him or brom. Brom finnaly pulls out a sword and duels with him, and the horseman finnaly kills brom. This prompts Crane to realise that someone must be using the skull to control the Horseman rather than the Horseman committing these murders of his own accord.Although evidence is briefly revealed suggesting that Katrina is the villain, Crane uncovers a murky plot revolving around revenge and land rights with the Horseman controlled by Katrina's stepmother, Lady Van Tassel, who sends the killer after her; her stepmother's family lost their land when her father died and it was given to Katrina's father, the young girl witnessing the Horseman's death and promising her soul to Satan if he would allow her to control the Horseman to avenge her family. Following a fight in the local windmill and a stagecoach chase through the woods, Crane eventually thwarts Lady Van Tassel by returning the skull to the Horseman, who regains his head and goes back to Hell along with Lady Van Tassel. With His job in Sleepy Hollow completed, Crane returns to New York with Katrina and Young Masbeth, just in time for the new century.
tags: comedy,  dark,  gothic,  murder,  fantasy,  mystery,  cult,  horror,  violence,  haunting,  flashback,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  romantic,  revenge,  entertaining,  sci-fi, 

title: The Cabin in the Woods
synopsis: The movie opens with a pair of middle-aged men walking through some kind of facility discussing mundane details about marriage and potential children, while a younger woman in a lab coat is trying to inform them about an incident at the Stockholm facility. The two men are not particularly concerned about what she is telling them. They mention that the facility in Japan will get the job done, and that their U.S. facility usually comes in second place. As they board a golf cart and drive off, the younger of the two men invites the older one to come over to his house for the upcoming weekend.The scene shifts to a room in a college town where Dana (Kristen Connolly) and Jules (Anna Hutchison) are talking about school. Apparently, Dana had an affair with one of her professors and it ended badly. Jules's boyfriend Curt (Chris Hemsworth) walks in and throws a football at the girls. It flies out the window and Curt's friend Holden (Jesse Williams), a fix-up for Dana, catches it down below. The guys are there to pick up the girls for a long weekend at a lakeside cabin that Curt's cousin owns. Dana finishes packing and they all go downstairs to pack up the RV. They are about to leave when their friend Marty pulls up in his car smoking pot from a huge bong that converts into a travel mug.We cut back to video screens in the previously seen facility where the two middle-aged men, Sitterson (Richard Jenkins) and Hadley (Bradley Whitford), are watching all of this happen. Apparently, they have been drugging the kids through various means (hair dye for Jules, Marty's stash, etc.) but they don't say why.The group is close to the cabin when they stop for gas and directions. The attendant, Mordecai (Tim DeZarn), is old, unfriendly, and more than a little bit crazy. He tells them that they will have no problem getting to the cabin, it's the getting back they should be worried about. The kids laugh at him, he becomes sarcastic and aggressive, and there's almost a fight when he refers to Jules as a whore. Instead, everyone gets back into the RV and they drive away. They have to go through a u-shaped tunnel in the mountain to get to the cabin. As they pass through it, a bird tries to fly across the ravine and hits an invisible shield. It electrocutes the bird and it falls, presumably, to its death.Meanwhile, back at the facility, the phone rings and Hadley answers. It's Mordecai. He reports that the college kids are on their way to the cabin and tells them how the reveler almost messed it up for them and they should be careful. Then he gets mad because Hadley has put him on speakerphone; he hangs up while Hadley and Sitterson laugh.They arrive at the cabin and unpack. It's obvious that they are still being watched by cameras set up by the facility people. Holden is in his bedroom putting on his bathing suit when he notices an awful painting on the wall. He takes it down and underneath it there's a window into the next room where Dana is staying. She starts to take off her clothes, unaware that the mirror in her room is revealing everything to Holden in the next room. Holden runs into Dana's room and tells her what's going on and they switch rooms. Now Dana can see Holden and she definitely likes what she sees.All the people at the facility have gathered to place bets on what fate the people in the cabin will choose. Hadley really wants it to be the merman. A new agent called Truman (Brian White) is shocked by the way he sees the others behaving. A more seasoned agent, Lin (Amy Acker), tells him that she understands how he feels, but he shouldn't judge the others for their seemingly flippant behavior. Truman, however, continues to question Hadley and Sitterson about the proceedings; Truman thinks it's unfair, although they all seem to understand that what is going on is of the utmost importance.At the cabin, everyone goes into the living room and starts drinking. Marty continues to smoke the pot he brought. They're all getting pretty tanked and start to play Truth or Dare. Jules is dared to make out with a wolf head mounted on the wall. Then it's Dana's turn. She has just chosen dare when the door to the basement flies open, startling them all. They dare her to go down into the basement. She does and the rest of them follow. There is a ton of really strange stuff down there. Dana picks up a diary. Curt chooses a puzzle ball and tries to open it. Jules likes a wedding dress and starts to put on the necklace that goes with it. Marty is looking at a conch shell and Holden is mesmerized by a child's jewelry box that opens to reveal a dancing ballerina when, all of a sudden......the people at the facility are quiet and on the edge of their seats......Dana says Hey guys! Listen to this. Everyone else puts down what they were looking at and walks over to her. The diary belonged to a young girl who was brutally beaten by her father. There is something about how they will all return once someone reads some Latin words at the end of the diary. Marty says they shouldn't read it. He hears a voice tell Dana to read it. No one else seems to hear it. Against the advice of Marty, Dana reads the Latin and somewhere outside, the family from the diary returns from their graves all zombie-fied.At the facility, it turns out that maintenance and the new intern have won the pool with their selection of Redneck Zombies. Hadley is really bummed he won't get to see a merman.At the cabin, the kids go back to the living room. Jules and Curt are acting out of character. Jules is dancing very suggestively in front of the fire, Curt is being aggressive and insulting about his girlfriend. Marty notices this but his concerns are brushed off by the others. Curt and Jules decide to go for a walk. Thanks to some pheromone fog, they start to have sex in the woods but they are stopped by the zombies. Jules is stabbed in the hand but Curt saves her. He is stabbed in the shoulder but survives. Jules is recaptured and beheaded while Curt watches. He gets away and runs back to the cabin.As Jules dies, Hadley and Sitterson recite what seems to be a prayer. Hadley pulls a lever and blood runs into a grooved stone tablet that contains the outline of a female figure: the whore. The ground starts to shake.Marty hears a voice in his head and goes outside to see Curt running towards him, fighting off a zombie. They both run inside and lock the door. Curt tells everyone that Jules is dead. They decide to barricade the house and stick together. Courtesy of the facility, a voice tells them to split up but only Marty consciously hears it. He begs the others not to split up but no one listens and Dana, Holden and Marty each go into their own rooms. The doors promptly lock behind them.No one at the facility can figure out why their tricks aren't working on Marty. He's not following the plan and he can hear the voices. They're worried he's going to ruin everything. In Marty's room, he gets startled and breaks a lamp. He picks it up and finds a camera. This is proving everything he's been saying about this place. He's about to investigate further when a zombie comes through the window and pulls him outside. They struggle. Marty is stabbed in the back and dragged out of sight. Bad noises follow. Poor Marty.People at the facility are relieved that Marty won't be ruining their plan. However, they're still investigating to see why their drugs didn't work on him. They determine that when they were lacing his pot with their drugs, they missed one of his stashes and what he was smoking was making him immune to their tricks. Blood runs into the outline of the reveler. The ground shakes.A zombie tries to break through Dana's window. Hearing this in the next room, Holden breaks the glass between their rooms and pulls her into his. They find a door in the floor that leads to another room in the basement. It appears that this is the room where the father beat and tortured the girl from the diary. They try to find a way out but the door won't open. Just then, one of the zombies finds them and stabs Holden in the back. Dana stabs the zombie repeatedly just as Curt opens the door from the other side.The three of them get in the RV. The door closes and a bloody hand print is seen on the outside of it.As they head toward the tunnel, Hadley realizes that the demolition crew never set off the explosion that causes the tunnel to cave in and block their exit. As the trio frantically tries to get away, Hadley and Sitterson are just as frantically trying to correct this oversight.The RV makes it halfway through the tunnel when it starts to cave in. They reverse back the way they came and make it out just in time. Curt has a dirt bike in the back of the RV and he decides to jump the ravine and go get help. Like the bird, he hits the invisible barrier and dies. (Blood runs into the outline of the jock.)Dana and Holden see what happened to Curt and realize that Marty was right all along. They head back towards the cabin trying to figure a way out. Holden is stabbed through the head (blood fills the outline of the scholar) and the RV crashes into the lake. Turns out there was a zombie in the RV. Dana fights off the zombie, gets out through the overhead hatch, and swims to the surface. She makes it onto the pier when the zombie comes up from the water and starts beating the crap out of her.Back at the facility, they are celebrating a successful night. Evidently, the virgin doesn't have to die for the plan to be successful. This is extremely important since all of the other sites (Japan, Germany, etc.) have failed to complete the ritual. They open a bottle of champagne and start drinking. The red phone rings. Hadley answers. A tense conversation follows. Apparently, the rules weren't followed. One of the others is still alive. If Dana dies first, they will lose.Dana is still getting the crap kicked out of her by the zombie dad. Marty comes out of nowhere and beats the zombie with his giant bong until he falls into the water. He grabs Dana and they run into the woods. The zombies are after them. He jumps into one of the graves the zombies came out of and starts digging. Dana can't figure out what's going on. Suddenly, Marty opens a door and they fall into a room right before the zombies grab them.Marty tells Dana that this was all set up. He's discovered an access panel and started playing with the wires inside; this is why the tunnel never exploded when it was supposed to. Marty shows Dana an elevator and deduces that someone sent the zombies to attack them. She's not sure about getting in the elevator, but they don't have any other options. Through the glass window of their elevator, Dana and Marty can see many other elevators that contain supernatural creatures connected to the strange items in the basement of the cabin. The Sugar Plum Fairy, the Puzzle Ball, the doll faces, the killer bride, etc.. Dana recognizes the connection and deduces that the group chose the means of their own deaths, meaning the zombies.Meanwhile, the observers are in an uproar because Dana and Marty have penetrated their facility. They make plans to kill Marty in order to preserve the intended order of sacrificial deaths. Pinpointing the elevator number, an armed guard is sent to them and instructed to kill both of them, Marty first, but he fails when a zombie corpse in the elevator distracts him. Dana and Marty kill him and move out into the hallway. A female voice speaks to them over a PA system, sympathizing with them for their predicament, but insisting that Dana and Marty must die. More armed guards show up and start firing on them, and they run into what looks like a control room and hide. Dana realizes that there is a control panel that monitors access to the elevators containing the monsters. As they are being attacked by soldiers with machine guns and other artillery, they randomly start to push buttons; Dana finds a large one that says PURGE SYSTEM, and suddenly alarms start going off all over the facility. The guards all pause in terror, then all of the elevators open while monster after monster emerges. The soldiers are massacred and the monsters get into all areas of the facility, slaughtering the workers. Marty and Dana are cornered by monsters, but they climb through a hole where one of the walls was smashed in during the carnage.In the facility's control room, Hadley, Lin, and Truman are killed by monsters. Hadley finally gets to see his merman right before it kills him. Sitterson manages to activate an escape hatch and emerges into a stone hallway, but he is fatally stabbed by Dana; this is where Dana and Marty have ended up as well. Before Sitterson dies, he tells Dana, Kill him. Dana is afraid to go on, but Marty gives her a gun he took from a dead guard.Marty and Dana end up in the room with all the character outlines. Dana realizes that there are five stone tablets, one for each of them--Dana, Marty, Holden, Curt, and Jules. Everything that's happened to them has been part of a ritual sacrifice. The Director (Sigourney Weaver) appears; they recognize her voice as the one that spoke to them over the PA system. She explains about the facility and their purpose. She says the ritual is older than anything known to man; even she and her peers aren't sure of everything, but the ritual is conducted worldwide in order to appease the Dark Gods who once ruled the Earth. She says the monsters they've seen are nothing compared to them, and both Dana and Marty realize they are standing over a pit that leads to where the old Gods are sleeping.The Director explains that the ritual is meant to keep them dormant, and must follow specific rules. There are five sacrificial victims. The whore (Jules) dies first, and after that, four more archetypes: the scholar, the athlete, the fool (a.k.a the reveler), and the virgin. The order of their deaths doesn't matter as long as the whore is first to die and the virgin is the last one alive. The Director says it is up to the Gods whether the virgin (Dana) lives.If the sacrifice is not completed, the old Gods will come to the surface and destroy mankind. The Director says Marty must die to save the world. Marty says that if a bloodthirsty ritual is required to save mankind, then maybe mankind isn't worth saving. Marty is hurt when Dana raises the gun to kill him; she is conflicted, but she doesn't want the world to end. Without warning, Dana is attacked by a werewolf, which proceeds to viciously maul her. When she drops the gun, Marty picks it up and fires on the werewolf, and it runs off, wounded. The Director tries to kill Marty, but the zombie girl from the diary appears and kills the Director instead. Marty kicks them both into the pit with the Gods. Dana and Marty make up and smoke a joint while they contemplate the end of the world. The ground shakes and starts to crack open.The cabin in the woods starts shaking. A giant hand comes crashing up through it and slams down on the ground in front of it as the first of the old Gods reaches the surface.
tags: dark,  comedy,  murder,  stupid,  paranormal,  violence,  horror,  plot twist,  flashback,  clever,  psychedelic,  satire,  suspenseful,  entertaining, 

title: Se7en
synopsis: In an unidentified city of constant rain and urban decay, Detective William Somerset (Morgan Freeman) is preparing to retire and leave the horrors of the city. Before he retires, he is partnered with Detective David Mills (Brad Pitt), a cocky, young and short-tempered cop from Springfield, a comparatively small town. The two investigate the murder of a highly obese man (Bob Mack) who was fed spaghetti until a kick to his stomach burst him open. Somerset investigates the murder while Mills is given the murder case of Defense Attorney Eli Gould (Gene Borkan), with GREED written in Gould's blood on the floor. Gould was forced to carve a pound of flesh off of his body, and subsequently bled to death. The police captain gives Somerset an evidence container with three slivers of a plastic-like material found in the stomach of the obese man, which he was forced to consume along with the spaghetti. Going to the victim's house, Somerset finds three groove marks in front of the refrigerator and finds that the plastic-like slivers fit into them perfectly. Knowing the slivers resulted from the refrigerator being moved, Somerset looks behind it. He finds the word GLUTTONY written behind the fridge in grease, along with a note containing a quote from Milton's Paradise Lost. Somerset theorizes that a serial killer is basing his crimes on the Seven Deadly Sins, with five more to go.To give Mills and Somerset a chance to get along with each other, Mills's wife, Tracy Mills (Gwyneth Paltrow) invites Somerset over for dinner. While they are eating, a train passes by on the track nearby, making the building and all its contents and inhabitants tremble: the couple mention that that's why the realtor was so nervous for them to see the apartment quickly. After Tracy goes to bed, Mills and Somerset examine case evidence from the two scenes. They find a picture of Gould's wife with blood painted around the eyes. Realizing that this means she is supposed to spot something about the murder scene that nobody else would, the detectives have a distraught Mrs. Gould (Julie Araskog) look at the pictures in a safe house and she notices an abstract painting that is upside down. Brushing powder on the wall behind the painting, Somerset finds fingerprints outlining the words Help Me.After running the fingerprints through AFIS, the prints are traced a day later to a pedophile named Victor (Michael Reid MacKay), who escaped conviction for the rape of a minor due to the efforts of his lawyer, Eli Gould, the GREED victim. SWAT and the detectives raid his apartment and find Victor to be the SLOTH victim, having been bound to his bed for one year to the day, as evidenced by pictures at the scene; one taken every day from the day he is discovered. Remarkably, he is still alive but suffering from severe physical and mental deterioration. His hand was cut off and pushed onto the wall behind the painting to leave the prints. Mills and Somerset ask to interrogate Victor in the hospital, but the doctor says that he's chewed off his tongue and that his brain is mush from the ordeal.That evening, Tracy calls Somerset and requests that he meet with her. The next morning, Somerset meets Tracy in a diner where she tells him how miserable she is in the city. At Somerset's urging, Tracy reveals the truth of her request to meet: she is pregnant, afraid of raising a child where they now live and afraid of telling David. Somerset advises her to tell her husband only if she decides to have it, and he sets himself as an example: he insisted his partner have an abortion, that he finally convinced her, and now he is remorseful.Later that day, using a contact in the FBI, Somerset gets a library list of people who have borrowed books related to the Seven Deadly Sins. The list leads the detectives to a man named John Doe, whose apartment they visit soon after. Doe, his face hidden, sees them as he comes home, pulls out a gun and begins shooting. After a short chase, Doe hits Mills with a tire iron, keeps him subdued at gunpoint, but lets him live and suddenly flees.While examining Doe's apartment (after bribing a resident to claim she had called the detectives about Doe) they find notebooks of his thoughts, trophies of the crimes and a picture of Mills fighting off Doe, who, at the time, was posing as a press photographer. John Doe calls the apartment and congratulates the detectives on them finding him and apologizes for hitting Mills, also telling the young detective that he admires him greatly. Their actions, he says, have caused him to change his plans, and he hangs up. They also find a photo of a young woman, a prostitute (Cat Mueller), who they believe may be the next victim. A receipt leads them to a S&M leather shop where Doe placed an order for a sexual device. The girl is soon found dead in a room with LUST written on the door. Also found in the room is a visibly shaken man (Leland Orser) forced by Doe at gunpoint to wear and use the device, a large strap-on dildo with a blade attachment, to rape and kill the girl. The owner of the place, Wild Billy (Martin Serene) can give no clue to the physical aspect or the briefcase John Doe used, as every customer used to carry special clothes or equipment into the place.The next morning, a model (Heidi Schanz) is found dead with PRIDE written on the crime scene. Her nose has been cut off (to spite her face) upon which Doe gave her the choice of suicide by sleeping pills or calling for help and living scarred. She chose the former, and swallowed the pills. As the detectives return to the police headquarters, John Doe walks up to them, his hands bleeding (he shaved the skin from his fingertips to avoid identification) and gives himself up. He talks to his lawyer and agrees that if he can take Somerset and Mills to two more bodies, he will confess to all the murders. Wanting a confession, the detectives agree. Somerset and Mills both have microphones taped to their chests so the rest of the task force can monitor their conversation with Doe. During the prep, Mills tries to tell Somerset about a concern he has with Tracy, but can't bring himself to talk fully about it.As the three travel to the desert outskirts of the city in a car, they are trailed by a police helicopter for security (flown by John Santin and James Deeth). Doe explains his rationale behind the murders as a way of showing people the truly evil nature of the world, as well as his desire to punish the wicked. He goes on to say he will be remembered and admired for what he has done, having been chosen to do so. As Doe speaks, the disgusted Mills is driven to rage, and screams at Doe while Somerset remains calmly worried.Once they reach the outskirts, Doe directs them to a specific spot near some power cable towers. The detectives walk Doe out to an open spot. After a few moments, a van appears and Somerset stops it several hundred yards away, leaving Mills behind to cover Doe. The driver (Richmond Arquette) claims someone paid him $500 to deliver a box to Mills at this place at exactly 7 o'clock. As Somerset opens the box, he recoils in horror from what he sees inside. As he races back to Mills and desperately yells for him to throw his gun away, Doe states to Mills that he admires Mills's life, to the point of being envious of his wife and the love they share. He states that he tried to play husband with Tracy that day but it didn't work out and he took a souvenir instead: her pretty head. It was Doe's plan that Mills will kill him, as Doe himself was guilty of ENVY, as he became jealous of Mills's simpler life. He also reveals to Mills that Tracy was pregnant, and that she begged to be kept alive for the child's sake. Mills, despite the pleading of Somerset, is so devastated by his wife's death and the knowledge that she was pregnant, that he empties his gun into Doe. In killing Doe in vengeance, Mills comes to embody the sin of WRATH, completing Doe's masterpiece.After a catatonic Mills is taken away, their captain tells Somerset that they'll take care of Mills, knowing the jury will condemn him. Somerset answers, Whatever he needs. He also tells his captain that he will be around; implying that he will be staying on the force. As the camera pans out from the desert, the movie ends with Somerset quoting Ernest Hemingway: 'The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.' I agree with the second part.
tags: dark,  suspenseful,  gothic,  murder,  neo noir,  mystery,  psychological,  dramatic,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  plot twist,  insanity,  philosophical,  tragedy,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: The House of the Devil
synopsis: It is 1983. Frustrated with living in the dorms with her oversexed and messy roommate, Samantha Hughes (Jocelin Donahue) rents a small apartment. Although the landlady (Dee Wallace) agrees not to charge her a deposit, Samantha still needs to come up with $300 for the first month's rent. She answers an advertisement for a babysitter. The man who placed the ad tells her that he and his wife need her that night while they attend a party to watch the lunar eclipse; the moon will be entirely in the earth's shadow at midnight. Although he behaves oddly on the phone, Samantha's desperation leads her to accept the offer.Samantha's best friend Megan (Greta Gerwig) drives her to the job, which is at a secluded house in the woods. There, Mr. Ulman (Tom Noonan), the man who placed the ad, reveals that Samantha will not be babysitting but taking care of his elderly mother in law. Samantha tries to back out but when Mr. Ulman offers her $400 she agrees to stay over Megan's objections. Megan leaves. On the drive home, she stops in a nearby cemetary to have a smoke. When her lighter malfunctions, a young man, Victor (AJ Bowen) suddenly appears in her window and offers her a light. He then asks her if she's the babysitter. When she says no, Victor shoots her in the face, killing her.Samantha meets Mrs. Ulman (Mary Woronov) when she emerges from the basement. Mrs. Ulman explains she was looking for her furs then makes Samantha uncomfortable by commenting on how desirable she must be to young boys. The Ulmans give Samantha half of the babysitting fee plus some money to order a pizza. Mr. Ulman assures Samantha that the mother in law will be no trouble and will probably keep to herself in her upstairs room. They also leave a phone number where they can be reached if anything goes wrong.Samantha tries to do homework but finds the house creepy. She orders a pizza and, while dancing around the house listening to her Walkman, accidentally breaks a vase. While cleaning it up, she sees that the closet is full of fur coats. She also finds a box full of photos of a family other than the Ulmans, posing in front of the house and a car that Samantha saw in the driveway earlier. Victor delivers the pizza to Samantha, then wanders around the property to keep an eye on her.Unbeknownst to Samantha, the family she saw in the photos lies slaughtered in an upstairs bedroom, arranged as parts of a bloody pentagram. Samantha hears strange noises and, armed with a knife, goes to explore the attic. At midnight, all of the lights in the house blow out. Samantha sees a hand open the attic door, and she passes out.When she awakes, she is gagged and tied to a slab in the basement, surrounded by satanic symbols. The Ulmans -- including their son, Victor -- and a dwarfish demon enter. The demon draws a pentagram on Samantha's belly, then tries to force her to drink blood from a bizarre animal skull. Samantha breaks free of her bonds and rushes upstairs. Seeing Megan's body in the kitchen, Samantha grabs a knife. Victor chases her and shoots her in the shoulder but she slits his throat, killing him. Samantha is wracked with abdominal pain and flashes of demonic faces. Mrs. Ulman corners her in a bedroom and tells her that it is too late for Samantha to alter the plan. Mrs. Ulman is distracted when she believes the eclipse is sending her a message from Satan, and Samantha stabs her in the back. Grabbing Victor's gun, Samantha flees from the house, pursued by Mr. Ulman, who was wounded when Samantha escaped from the basement. He tries to calm her down and tells her that Satan will arrive as soon as the eclipse is over. Believing it to be the only solution, Samantha shoots herself in the head.Local newscasters talk about how astronomers are confused that the moon seemed to move through the eclipse more quickly than it should have. Samantha lays comatose in a hospital bed but she and her baby are expected to make a full recovery.
tags: murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  suspenseful, 

title: Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire
synopsis: Divorced, ex-rockabilly singer Lynette Hansen [Caroline Rhea] comes home from work to
find her 15-year old daughter Chelsea [Laura Vandervoot] on the phone with her boyfriend,
instead of doing her homework. Thirteen-year old Adam [Matthew O'Leary] is entranced in The
Return of Count Krelski, and 8-year-old Taylor [Myles Jeffrey] is hiding behind the
couch. Ah, the joys of being a single Mom.As luck would have it, Adam's friend Duffy gets backstage passes to
the Headless Horsemen concert at Saturday night's Harvest Festival, the
very weekend that Adam is grounded for not writing his history essay and
trying to pass off some story from the Weekly Secret tabloid about vampire
hunter Malachi Van Helsing. To make matters worse, Chelsea (who had a hot
date on Saturday night) is also grounded for smarting off. What to do? The
solution is obvious--get Mom a date for Saturday night. Where to find a
date for Mom with only one day to go? Again, the answer is simple. Match
her up with someone from the Personals column in the Weekly Secret. This
sounds like a good one: Continental gentleman, handsome, debonair, suave.
Enjoys long strolls beneath the full moon. Loves adventure, travel, wild animals,
and women who long for romantic nights that will never end. Hates Italian food and turtlenecks. Wolfsbane@netherlink.pro.Adam sends Wolfsbane an email asking him to meet Mom at the
Foodmaster at 8 pm. Now to get Mom there. Easy. Remind her how the family
used to have chocolate chip pancakes together every Saturday morning. Make
her feel guilty enough to go to the store for chocolate chips.
OK. Got her to the store. Now to find Wolfsbane. No, it's not the guy
buying spaghetti. No, it's not the guy buying the cake that says, Happy
Anniversary. Maybe it's the guy in the long overcoat with the pulled down
hat who appears to be looking for someone? He certainly looks like a
Wolfsbane. Before Chelsea and Adam can link up with Wolfsbane, however,
Lynette bumps carts with someone else--Dr Dimitri Dentatos [Charles Shaughnessy] from Romania.
They get to talking and, not long after that, Mom's got a date with a
vampire...but the only one who knows it is Taylor, because he saw Dimitri
turn into a bat after leaving the store.It's Saturday night. Dimitri has arrived, and Adam has invited him
in. Dimitri has a nice evening planned. First, dinner at Renfield's, then
dancing, and finally a romantic carriage ride in the park.
Meanwhile, Taylor is trying to convince Adam that Dimitri is a
vampire, but Adam only knows about vampires in the movies. If it's a real
vampire, you have to call someone like Malachi Van Helsing, so Taylor
does. Unfortunately, Van Helsing isn't answering his phone, so Taylor
pedals over to Renfield's to bring Mom home. Since that would spoil Adam
and Chelsea's plans, they go after Taylor. Taylor refuses to go home
without telling Mom that Dimitri is a vampire, so Dimitri performs the
Transylvania spoon test to assure Taylor that he is not. On the way out of
the restaurant, however, Adam happens to glance in a mirror and realizes
that Dimitri casts no reflection. He really IS a vampire.
What to do now? First, take Taylor home to the babysitter. Then
follow Mom. She and Dimitri have left the restaurant and gone for a walk.
Since dancing was next on Dimitri's list, Lynette takes him into a
rockabilly place where she used to sing. Next, they go to the Harvest
Festival, all the while it is apparent that Dimitri hates every dance,
every song, every ride, and wants only to get Lynette alone. Fortunately,
Adam and Chelsea are never far behind, until Dimitri catches Adam and
warns him to follow no more or die.Lynette has come to the conclusion that she and Dimitri aren't right
for each other, so Dimitri mesmerizes her, and they leave the festival
together. Chelsea and Adam figure that Dimitri is taking Mom to his lair,
which is the old Mather house out by the lake, because he told them
earlier that he was renovating that place. Adam and Chelsea on the way!Meanwhile, Van Helsing [Robert Carradine] hasn't been able to get through to the Hansen
residence because the babysitter has been tying up the phone, so he goes
over to Taylor's house. Taylor remembers Van Helsing as the guy in the long
overcoat with the pulled down hat from Foodmaster, and Taylor offers to
come along to help look for his Mom. When Van Helsing refuses (I work alone),
Taylor hides in the back seat of his car until they're well on the
way...but to where? Well, they don't know where Dimitri and Mom are going,
but they do know where they'll end up...at Dimitri's house, probably some
big old mansion somewhere out by the lake, of course. All the old mansions
are out there. Now Taylor and Van Helsing are on the way.Chelsea and Adam get there first and haul Dimitri's coffin down to
the lake. When Dimitri arrives, he discovers his coffin floating on the
water with Adam sitting on top. Adam tries to make a deal--Mom for the
coffin--but Dimitri grabs Chelsea and changes the deal--the coffin for
Chelsea. Adam has no choice but to return the coffin.
Taylor and Van Helsing finally find the house. Dimitri manages to knock out
Van Helsing. Then he turns on Chelsea and Adam, who start screaming for their Mom.
Lynette comes out of the trance (Love is stronger than any vampire
trance), pushes Dimitri into his coffin, and Van Helsing rivets it shut with silver
nails. Dimitri will be shipped to the South Pole for the winter and then
to Finland for the summer. And tomorrow morning, Van Helsing will join the
Hansens for chocolate chip pancakes. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tags: horror, 

title: Sleepaway Camp
synopsis: Over the opening credits, we see a closed-down summer camp in the fall that is called Camp Arawak.The film opens in the summer of 1975, with a family consisting of divorcée John Baker (Dan Tursi) and his two children, Angela and Peter, out on a lake near a summer camp in upstate New York. After their small boat accidentally flips, John and the children begin to head ashore, where John's lover Lenny (James Paradise) is calling to him. As the family swims, a pair of teenagers named Marianne and Craig are pulling a water skier named Dolores in a motorboat. Craig and Marianne switch places to that the girl can drive the boat, but they fail to notice the family in the water in time and hits them, which kills both John and Peter. The survivor, Angela, is sent to live with her eccentric aunt, Dr. Martha Thomas (Desiree Gould), and Martha's son Richard Ricky Thomas.Eight years after John and Peter's deaths, Angela, now age 14 (Felissa Rose), and Ricky, now age 15 (Jonathan Tiersten), are sent to Camp Arawak by Martha, who reminds them not to tell anyone how they got the signatures for their physical exams. The buses arrive at the camp, and Artie (Owen Hughes), the creepy head cook, admires the children with no reservations in front of his coworkers calling them baldies. Ricky introduces Angela to his best friend Paul (Christopher Collet), and he shows Angela around the camp since he was there last summer. Angela goes not respond when Paul talks to her and backs away after he finishes the tour. Ricky tries to talk to Judy (Karen Fields), his former girlfriend from last summer at the camp, but she hardly acknowledges him.Because of her introverted nature and her shyness, Angela is ridiculed and bullied--her main tormentors being Judy and camp counselor Meg (Katherine Kamhi). During lunchtime, Angela, having not eaten for some time, is taken into the kitchen by the sympathetic head counselor Ronnie (Paul DeAngelo) to see if there is anything in there she would like to eat. Left alone with the greasy head cook Artie, Angela is taken into a back room by Artie, who intends to molest Angela. Before any harm can come to Angela, Artie is found in the midst of unfastening his pants by Ricky, who flees from the kitchen with Angela after Artie threatens him. After the incident in the pantry, Artie is seriously injured when he is knocked off a chair by an unseen figure while tending to a large pot of boiling water that spills on most of his body. Artie's injuries are deemed accidental by camp owner Mel Costic (Mike Kellin), who pays off the rest of his kitchen staff, including the assistant cook Ben (Robert Earl Jones), to keep the event quiet and tells the replacement cooks to tell the campers that Artie left for another job.The next day, Ricky, Paul, and the rest of the boys in their cabin, including geek Mozart (Willy Kuskin), are playing baseball with Kenny (John Dunn), Mike (Tom Van Dell), Billy (Loris Sallahian), and the rest of the boys from another cabin. After Ricky wins the game to the older guys, Kenny talks with Mike about how to get back at Ricky.Later that night in the recreation cabin during a dance, Angela is accosted by Kenny and Mike, who begin mocking her for not speaking, which prompts Ricky and his friend Paul to get into a fight with the boys in which several others join in, which fulfills their plan of getting back at Ricky. After the brawl is broken up by counselor Gene (Frank Trent Saladino), Ricky and the rest of the boys involved in the fight leave while Paul stays behind and succeeds in befriending Angela by telling her about misadventures he and Ricky would get into when they were younger. The shy Angela still does not talk, but when Paul begins to leave, she speaks for the first time and tells him good night.Later that night, Kenny is rowing a boat with his girlfriend Leslie (Lisa Buckler), and he rocks and overturns the boat. Leslie angrily swims away as Kenny, underneath the overturned boat, is attacked and pushed underwater by an unseen person. In the morning, Kenny's dead and decomposing body is found, and his death is also ruled accidental by Mel, despite suspicion from Ronnie and the police, especially a cop named Frank (Allen Breton).Later that day, Angela walks up to Paul and begins to talk to him as he watches the girls play volleyball, much to Judy's irritation. Meg tells Angela that she either must participate or do nothing, which includes talking with boys.That evening, Paul and Angela go to the rec room to watch a movie, and they later leave when the movie is over, hand in hand as Angela slowly starts to become more friendly with him. When they are alone, Paul attempts to kiss Angela, but she gets uptight and walks back to her cabin.The next day at the lake, Paul sits beside Angela, who tells him that she cannot go in the water. Paul gets up and leaves when Meg arrives. Meg then asks Angela if she is going to swim, but Angela stops talking. Meg angrily shakes the silent girl until Ronnie pulls her away and tells her to leave Angela alone.In the girls cabin, Judy approaches Angela and is angry, thinking that she got Meg into trouble. Then Judy begins mocking Angela again and asks her why she will not shower or go swimming, or change clothes with the other girls. Angela continues to be silent, (but it is clear at this point onward that she is hiding something).Later that day, Angela is hit in the face with a water balloon by Billy and his friends, who are on a cabin rooftop throwing water balloons at passersby. Mel reprimands the boys on the roof and then grounds Billy for the rest of the summer. Ricky comes to the aid of Angela and tells her, I'll kill him! A little later, while his friends go off to play basketball, Billy stays behind in the cabin and goes into the restroom to take a wicked dump. An unseen person locks him in the toilet stall. The unseen person then cuts the screen behind Billy and shakes a hive full of live bees into the room. Billy eventually breaks out of the stall but is stung to death, with bees covering his face.When Mel learns about Billy's death, he becomes more unsettled because he thinks that the camp will be shut down. Mel also grows suspicious of Ricky, whom he believes is killing those who bully Angela.The relationship between Angela and Paul grows strained when, that evening, Paul attempts to make out with Angela on the beach, which causes Angela to have a flashback to her youth when she and her brother Peter witnessed their father in bed with Lenny. Angela rejects Paul, who tries to have sex with her, and runs away.The next day, Paul, being confused and angered by Angela's rejection of his advances, is easily seduced by Judy, who lures him away from a game of capture the flag, a game assembled by counselor Jeff (Rick Edrich). In the woods, Angela and Ricky talk about Paul and his intentions where Ricky expresses to Angela that he does not trust him, but Angela reminds Ricky that Paul is just a friend. They both happen by Paul and Judy kissing which prompts Angela to run off. A little later, feeling guilty about what happened between him and Judy, Paul attempts to explain himself to Angela while on the beach at the lake but this time, she does not want to talk to him.Later that day, as Paul tries again to talk to Angela, he is shooed away by Judy and Meg, who pick up Angela and throw her into the water. After being taken out of the lake by lifeguard Hal (Mike Mahon) and having sand flung at her by several small children, a clearly disturbed Angela is comforted by Ricky, who swears vengeance on her aggressors.That evening, Meg, while preparing for a date with Mel, is murdered with a knife while taking a shower, having her back sliced open. Meg's disappearance goes largely unnoticed and camp activities go on as usual with a social being held. While there, Angela is approached by Paul, who again tries to apologize over the incident with Judy. Angela, for some strange reason, tells Paul to meet her later that night at the waterfront after the social.Next, six young children, the ones who threw sand at Angela, are taken camping with counselor Eddie (Fred Greene), and when two of them ask to go back because they feel sick, Eddie takes the two back to his car and drives back to the camp. But when Eddie comes back, he finds the other four children in their sleeping bags, hacked to bits with Eddie's ax, which was used to cut wood, lying on the ground, dripping with blood.Meanwhile, Mike and Judy are kissing, and Mike hides when Mel stops to ask where Meg is. After Mel leaves, Mike decides that he'd better leave. Mel finds Meg's dead body in the shower stall and thinks that Ricky killed her to get back at him.Judy, who had decided to skip the social to be with Mike, goes back to the girls' cabin, and he is killed when the unseen killer enters, and pushes her out. The murderer shoves a pillow on her face and forces a curling iron somewhere unknown (possibly her vagina).After the social, the camp is thrown into a panic when Eddie arrives and tells the counselors about the deaths of the four children. Ricky, who missed the social because he felt sick, overhears this news before being attacked by Mel, and he accuses him of killing Meg and all the others. After beating Ricky seemingly to death, Mel stumbles into the camp archery range, where he is shot in the throat with an arrow by the real killer.Ronnie calls the police and then tells Marie (Dee Dee Friedman) to gather the other counselors to round up the surviving campers to put them into one cabin until they can root out the killer. As the counselors and the police scour the camp, Angela meets Paul on the beach, where she tells him to undress, which Paul enthusiastically agrees to do.Ronnie and Marie find the dead Meg and Mel, while Frank the cop and Gene find Ricky, who is still alive. Gene carries the badly beaten Ricky away to a waiting ambulance as Frank radios for backup.Ronnie and Susie (Susan Glaze) find Angela nude on the beach, softly singing to herself and clutching a large knife and Paul's severed head in her hands. Angela is revealed to be both the killer and a boy--the thought-to-be-dead Peter.Through flashbacks, it is shown that after Martha gained custody of him, she decided to raise Peter as a girl, already having a son and coming to the conclusion that another boy simply would not do. It's also implied that Peter/Angela was mentally affected in a very negative way by seeing his/her father sharing a homosexual embrace with another man. The film suddenly ends with the nude and blood-covered Angela, male genitalia in full view, standing before Susie and Ronnie, letting out an animalistic hissing sound.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  insanity, 

title: 1408
synopsis: The movie opens with a strong rainstorm on a road. We see a car approaching us. The car stops by a local lodge. A man gets out and runs in soaking wet. This man is Mike Enslin (John Cusack). He walks up to the front desk and starts talking to the elderly couple who run the establishment. They tell him how they've been expecting him. It is explained quickly through their conversation that Mike is an author of cheesy horror tour guide books. He travels from place to place, staying at supposedly haunted places and then writing summaries of them for his books. As he talks with the couple they try and tell him all about the history of the lodge and how a servant of the house once hanged herself and the female head of the house lost all five of her children to tuberculosis in the bed Mike will be staying in. Mike however, seems totally perfunctory about these stories. He seems to be very apathetic to the history of the place and clearly feels he knows as much as he needs to. He just wants to stay in the room so he can study it once again like he has done so many other times. Later we see Mike in the attic room that is claimed to be haunted but it seems totally mundane and harmless. As time passes Mike walks around and checks the place out. He even breaks out of equipment which he uses to test for the presence of supernatural forces. It is all to no avail though. The room is a regular room and Mike falls asleep.The next morning Mike wakes up and promptly leaves, He heads to a book signing he is scheduled to attend in a small book store. When he arrives he sees a stand setup but no one is there to greet him and there doesn't seem to be anyone there lined up to see him. Mike heads to the counter and tells the man there he is here for his book event. The man at first seems totally oblivious to what Mike is talking about. Mike shows him a pamphlet with his picture on it from the store announcing the event. Then the store guy seems to recall. The clerk at the counter announces the event over the loudspeaker of the store to the sparse number of patrons. However, most seem to show little or no interest. Next, we see Mike talking about his various books at the event, which is attended by 4 or 5 people. He talks of his various derivative books like The 10 Scariest Mansions and The 10 Scariest Lighthouses. One of the attendees asks him if his experiences have lead him to believe in ghosts. Mike says all this stuff is fantasy and that nothing in all of his travels has ever been out of the ordinary and would lead to believe in such things as much as he might like to. He sarcastically tells one of the people if he really wants to see a ghost he should head to the Haunted Mansion in Orlando. As he signs the various horror guide books for the handful in attendance. A young girl walks up to him and places a book before him called The Long Road Home that he wrote. Mike is astounded that the girl has a copy of this book. It is clear this is not one of his horror books. The girl says her name is Anna and she tells him how she was genuinely touched and moved by the book and how it seemed too authentic, especially the part about the relationship between the father and son. She asks him if it really happened. Mike says no. However, his expression clearly indicates that is not quite true. He seems flattered by her words, but clearly he doesn't want to linger on this point. When she asks him if he is ever going to write another book like it, Mike says that period is over now.After the book event Mike heads back to his home base in Los Angeles. While there he goes for some surfing down by the beach. As Mike is surfing he surfaces from the water and sees a plane flying over his head. The plane has a message banner attached to it. As Mike tries to read it he gets distracted and fails to see the huge wave that is headed for him. The wave sends Mike reeling and he eventually washes up on the beach chocking water with a guy asking him if he is alright. Later Mike goes to the post office to pick up his mail. We then see him at a local diner opening up his mail. Most of them are advertisements for more supposedly haunted locations that the owners want Mike to visit and write about. One of these is a post card that catches Mikes eye. It is a postcard from the Dolphin Hotel in New York. On the back of the postcard is a single warning message: DON'T ENTER 1408! Mike examines the room number and writes =13 on the card realizing this is what the sum of the numbers is. Clever he comments.Next Mike phones his New York publishing office and speaks to his publisher Sam Farrell (Tony Shalhoub). He tells him he plans on making the Room 1408 of the Dolphin the final location for his newest touring book. Sam tells him it sounds like a really cool possibility, but asks Mike if he really wants to come back to New York after all that happened. Mike says he is over that now, but its clear that Mike is still deeply affected by something that occurred there. Mike then sets out researching newspaper clippings of the incidents that have transpired with the former occupants of the Dolphins infamous room. He finds one article in particular of the first victim of the room. A wealthy businessman who inexplicably jumped from the window of the room while staying there just 1 week after the hotel opened. Mike then calls the hotel itself and tells them he would like to make a reservation. They say fine, but then Mike says he wants room 1408 and they immediately reply that it is unavailable. Mike says he never gave a date. He keeps persisting them in asking when it will be made available, but they keep saying it wont and eventually hang up on him. Mike thinks this is some sort of ploy. He speaks to Farrell again and he tells Mike that physically they cannot prevent Mike from renting the room according to the law. If it is available as a hotel they must rent any available room to him according to official operational New York guidelines. Mike says this is great and tells them to go ahead and make the reservation. Farrell asks Mike if he is sure about this given the rooms incredibly sordid and wicked history. Mike says he isn't concerned and prepares to head for the Dolphin.Next we see Mike arriving at the Dolphin Hotel. It isn't at all the sort of creepy and macabre establishment he expects and that most of the places he visits try to be. It looks like a regular hotel. He enters the lobby and finds it quite busy. He approaches the counter and speaks to the woman there. Mike tells her who he is and that he is here to check into Room 1408. However, as soon as she enters his information on the computer an alert comes up to immediately notify the manager before letting Mike Enslin check in. She tells him to wait a moment. While he is waiting a hotel lobby bellboy walks over and asks Mike is he can take his bag. Mike says no and the worker politely walks on. Shortly thereafter Mike meets the manager of the hotel Gerald Olin (Samuel L. Jackson). Gerald asks Mike if he can please accompany him back to his office and says he needs to discuss the matter of Mike staying in Room 1408. Mike agrees to this and the two head off.Inside Gerald Olin's office, Gerald tries to tell Mike about why he must not stay in Room 1408. He first offers Mike a bottle of some expensive Bourbon on the house as a friendly gesture, which Mike takes. He then goes through the rooms gruesome and hideous history and how dozens of people have killed themselves inside the room in all sorts of shocking manners. However, as he says all this Mike interrupts him and starts continuing what Gerald was saying about the entire grizzly history of the room. Gerald smiles and says I see you've done your homework well. However, he tells Mike he doesn't know the whole story. That in addition to all the suicides there have been over 20 natural deaths in the room of various circumstances like strokes, heart attacks, and people who appeared to have literally appeared to have panicked to death. Mike seems startled by this news but remains largely stoic about all of it. He tells Gerald that by staying in 1408 he will write a nice piece of it in his next book and increase the hotels occupancy by 50%. Gerald tells him the hotel usually runs at 90% capacity and doesnt need Mike to promulgate the hotel in one of his books. Gerald tells Mike that the hotel doesn't seek any kind of attention to 1408. That it only fears the room claiming more victims. He continues that no one has ever stayed in room 1408 and lived and in fact no one has lasted more than an hour. He pulls out of a folder of case files of the rooms myriad of victims and tells Mike that in all 56 people have died in there. Gerald says this isn't about publicity or anything else; he just doesnt want to see anyone else die in there. He offers to let Mike see the folder along with staying in Room 1404 which has the same layout if he will just agree not to stay in 1408. Mike says no. Gerald becomes aggravated and throws Mike the folder and says Here! Just look at it! Mike examines the folder and peruses the photos of its many unfortunate former occupants as Gerald recounts their stories, in particular one of a man who was found stitching his own body parts together. Mike is clearly perturbed by this, but still insists on going to 1408. When Gerald asks Mike why he is so adamant about staying in Room 1408 despite all the grizzly stories he has told him Mike responds that he has stayed in countless places over the years where slaughters have occurred and he remains unscathed. Gerald finally relents and takes Mike to get the key for 1408. It is a regular old style brass key. Mike asks why and Gerald tells him that no electronic cards will work with the room for some reason. Mike jokes and says What the phantoms don't like modern innovations? Gerald tells him he never said anything about a phantom or a ghost or any such thing. He leans in towards Mike and says It's an evil fucking room!We next see Mike and Gerald on the elevator up to the 14th floor. Mike inquires about how the room is maintained being as haunted as it is. Gerald tells him that once a month he and the hotel staff go up to the room in a special visit, to change the bulbs and sheets among other things. He says they always go in groups and the door remains open at all times. He tells Mike they treat the room like its a biological hazard zone. However, he says once they were cleaning up 1408 and a maid wandered into the bathroom and the door of it closed on her. Gerald says the maid was only in there for less than a minute. Mike says Let me guess she died? Gerald says No, she went blind! He says she poked her own eyes out from sheer madness laughing as they pulled her out. Mike is clearly distressed by all Gerald has told him but when the elevator stops Mike gets off. Gerald says this is as far as he goes and gives Mike one final warning to please not go to 1408. Mike just continues on and the elevator door closes. Mike moves down the hallway of the 14th floor. At first it seems normal with a maid passing by and a few hotel guests entering rooms. However, something seems eerily unsettling. Mike continues to 1408 and opens the door with the key. Initially he finds the experience totally anti-climactic. The room looks totally banal and mundane. Just like any regular modern hotel room. He walks in and shuts the door.Initially Mike starts to get used to his surroundings. He checks out the room, but there doesn't seem to be anything unusual. It has all the usual amenities of a typical hotel room including a copy of The Bible. Mike lays down on the bed and proceeds to make sardonically mocking comments into a voice recorder he brought with him about how much a joke it is that people speak with such fear of this room. As time passes by Mike gets up goes to the two windows of 1408 to look out. As Mike looks out the window he suddenly hears some weird noise of movement behind him. As Mike turns around he suddenly sees two chocolates laid on his pillow from out of nowhere. He goes into the bathroom and sees the toilet paper has been replaced Mike laughs and thinks this is some ruse by the hotel staff to try and scare him. He says Lovely! I have the ghost who does turn down service in here. Mike thinks whoever did the changes must still be in the room, but despite looking everywhere he cannot find anyone. A series of bizarre but trivial events starts occurring afterward. Noises, flashes, and other weird happenings seem to be going on, however, nothing that cannot be easily explained. Then the heat in the room starts getting out of control. Mike is convinced this is all the doing of the hotel staff to make him leave the room. Mike calls the hotel operator to complain. He demands they send someone to fix it. The operator agrees. Mike seems surprised with how easily she complies with his demands given the fact he think the hotel staff is trying to antagonize him. After a little bit a mechanic arrives at the door, Mike tries to open the door but it is stuck. After pulling on it with great force it finally opens sending Mike to the floor. He sees the mechanic at the door and tells him to come in and fix the thermostat, but the man refuses saying there is no way he is entering 1408. Mike asks how he is supposed to fix the temperature. The guy tells him he can talk him through it and just has Mike tap on a switch in the box. The cooling comes back on. Mike thanks him, but by the time he turns around to look at him he is already gone and the door closed.Mike goes back to relaxing in the room, just as he drinks Bourbon a little, the clock radio turns on itself, playing We've Only Just Begun by The Carpenters, freaking him out. The clock in the room he notices has even begun a countdown from 60 minutes. Initially this doesn't bother Mike much but as the events continue he becomes more and more terrified. Mike hears a high-pitch tingling and becomes deaf temporarily. His hand is crushed by the window, then he went to the bathroom to wash the wounds but suddenly the faucet runs from cool to hot water. Mike tries to close the faucet with a towel but it fails then he kicks the sink, stopping the faucet. Back to the room to put a bandage in a wounded hand, then the clock radio again turns itself on, playing the same song. Mike quickly pulls the radio, disconnecting the cord but its clock still counting down. The telephone rings and Mike picks up. The woman operator he spoke to earlier picks up again. Mike is livid about what has been happening, but the operator is different now, rude and almost mocking, telling Mike to calm down and not speak to her in such a harsh tone of voice. She tells Mike she will put the manager on, but Mike waits and the manager never comes.Mike hangs up the phone and grabs his stuff and then makes a run for the door. However, just as he opens the door, the key breaks. He then tries to unlock the door with the knife and it unlocks, but the door knob breaks, the door is now locked and no matter how many times Mike pulls and bangs on it, it will not open. Mike goes back over to the bed and sees a spectre of an old man (who looks like the same man who was the first one to commit suicide in the room) emerge from the wall the ghostly spectre goes over towards the window and jumps out. Then another female ghostly spectre appears and jumps out of the other window. Mike goes over to the window and looks out. Across the street he can see a man sitting in a building through a window on the other side of the street. Mike tries to signal and scream to the man. The man across the street gets up and takes a look at Mike. Mike keeps signalling to him and sees the man across the street signalling back, but eventually he realizes this person across the street is just mimicking his own actions. Mike cannot understand what is going on. He takes the lamp he has been holding in his hand trying to signal the other man and holds it up to his face. When he does so the man across the street does the same and Mike sees the man across the street is actually him. He then sees a figure with a knife approaching the mirror version of him across the street from behind. Mike turns around and is attacked by the same hideous figure that eventually vanishes. Mike 
picks up the lamp and tries to throw it out the window towards the ground to try and get the attention of the people and cars he can see passing below, but as he drops it the lamp just vanishes. Mike tries to go back towards the door, but it still wont open. He now looks over at the lampshade of the lamp he just dropped out the window. It still has light coming out of it despite there being no lamp.Mike is now convinced he must be hallucinating. He looks over at the bottle of Bourbon that Gerald gave him and one of the chocolates left on his bed that he ate. He realizes these could've been used to drug him. Suddenly the TV in his room turns on. A old scene from his life comes on the TV. He sees himself playing with his wife Lily Enslin (Mary McCormack) and their daughter Katie (Jasmine Jessica Anthony). As Mike watches this old memory he comes visibly morose and distraught. He puts his hand up to the TV, but the scene vanishes. Mike hears more of the commotion from the next room over he had heard earlier. He hears a baby crying, he knocks on the wall and asks the woman he assumes must be with the baby to help him, but no one responds. Instead the baby's crying gets progressively louder and louder, until it becomes absolutely deafening. Mike falls to the floor and throws a chair at the wall and the noise finally dissipates. Mike now realizes he must escape.He goes back over to the window. All the while Mike has been saying comments into a voice recorder he brought with him to document his stay in 1408. He makes one comment into the voice recorder as he prepares to go out the window that if something were to happen to him he would want anyone who found the recorder to know it was because he slipped and fell and it was an accident. It was not that the room drove him to kill himself. Mike looks the hotel's floor plan of the 14th floor for escape plan. Mike goes out of the window and gets on the ledge. He figures he can make his way across to the window of the next room over. However, as Mike keeps going further and further away he wonders how much further it must be. Mike then looks down the ledge but he cannot see any other windows except room 1408. Mike realizes he cannot go further and makes his way back to the window he came from, but as he tries to go back in the ghost of the woman who jumped before startles him. She then jumps again and as Mike watches her fall she vanishes before hitting the ground.Mike finally goes back to the room and he sees the floor plan has changed, showing the only room 1408 is in the middle of the building. He also sees another scene from his past. This time, part of the room next to him turns into a hospital room and we see Mike consoling his wife Lilly about the current status of their daughters health. He tells her everything will be alright. Sitting next to them in a hospital bed is Katie who can hear what they are saying and is clearly concerned. Next the walls start to bleed. Mike tries to calm himself by saying that this must all be a nightmare, but he wonders why he cannot wake up. He tries to shock himself out of his dream by looking out of the window, as he does the rooms elevation seems to rise dramatically and Mike falls back in sheer fright. Eventually this all culminates in the room becoming like a whirlwind, overwhelming with paranormal activity. When Mike finally recovers from this disorienting event he finds the room around has physically changed appearance. The windows are now covered over in a white preventing him from looking out. The entire room is now bathed in a powerful and ominous white light. The rooms wallpaper has changed to one of white flowers and everything else seems to have been modified in a peculiar way. The temperature has also dropped dramatically.Mike then sees that another one of the sections of the room has become another scene from his past. He sees an old man sitting in a chair in what looks like a mental home. This time Mike walks up to the man and talks to him. The man complains about why he is here. Mike realizes this man is his father. His father smiles and tells Mike that soon Mike will be driven insane like him. Mike now realizes he must try and contact someone on the outside. Previously he had tried his cell phone, but he could not get a signal. Now he tries the wireless connection on his laptop. By some miracle he is able to get through. He manages to get a video signal through to his wife Lilly. Lilly is astounded to see Mike and wants to know why after all this time he has finally contacted her. Mike tells her he cannot explain. What is going on, but she must help him. He begs her to send the police to where he is. He tells her he is in New York at the Dolphin Hotel. Lilly is surprised he is back in New York which is also where she is. She keeps asking Mike why he hasn't been in communication in so long but Mike just tells her to please send the police to where he is. She seems baffled as to why, but Mike begs her to just do it. Suddenly the sprinkler system cuts on and short circuits Mike's laptop breaking their conversation. Mike is furious and doesn't even know if his wife got the message. Mike looks back over at the clock to see it is still ticking down Mike realizes again he must try to escape.He goes over to the room's door. Mike had previously seen a air duct above the room. He hopes he can crawl through the ducts to get out. Mike manages to climb up and get into the ducts. As he begins moving through the air ducts he can see more scenes from his life as he passes the air ducts of the rooms below, including one of his wife tending to his daughter as a baby. Mike keeps trying to go on, but suddenly he finds himself pursued by a grotesque looking old man. The old man starts crawling after Mike and keeps grabbing on to him. Finally Mike kicks the old mans face shattering it. Mike finally falls back down the air duct to Room 1408. He finds the temperature has dropped yet again and the room is now completely covered in snow. Mike walks back over to the floor plan and sees it has now changed. It only shows 1408 and nothing but blackness around it. Mike looks through the keyhole and sees just a wall.Mike tries to burn the various articles in the room to try and keep warm. As he does he witnesses more scenes from his past. He sees a scene of his sick daughter back in the hospital with his wife. They are trying to tell Katie that everything will be alright and that she doesnt have to worry about dying. Mike tries his best to keep her spirits up, but it is obvious he has real doubts and fears. Finally we see Mike and Lilly in their home bereaved and commiserating over their daughters death. Mike is angry at his wife for his feeling that she Filled Katie's head with fantasies of a heaven, instead of willing her to fight! He clearly has lost all his faith and is consumed with despair. Mike then sees a vision in the wall. It is Gerald Olin back in his office... Gerald begins talking to Mike. Mike is furious at him but Gerald says he gave Mike every chance to pass on staying in 1408. He tells Mike that he should not have been so skeptical and doubtful of paranormal activity and ghosts in his books and appearances all those years. He says there is a reason why people believe in this sort of thing, for the glimmer of hope that there really is something beyond death. Mike tries to reach for Gerald to hit him, but he just finds himself punching a wall.Mike is finally ready to give up when he hears his wife on his laptop again contacting him. He runs over to it and tells her if she sent the police to 1408. His wife says the police are in 1408 and it is empty. Mike now realizes the full power of 1408. The room has now transported him into some kind of separate dimension from the reality he has in. Mike tries to tell his wife he is done for and that he is going to die. His wife says Mike is crazy and that she is going to come down there to him. Mike then pleads with her not to do this, but suddenly he realizes she is not hearing him. Then Mike sees a new window on his laptop open up. This time the video image is of him. The new image of Mike begins talking to his wife telling her to come down to 1408 and please join him. Mike begins screaming to the video of his wife on the laptop but to no avail. She can only hear the words of the impostor on the laptop. After she logs off the false Mike looks directly at the real Mike and smiles and then winks. Mike now realizes its not just his life in peril. He screams in utter rage. The rooms paranormal activity reaches its pinnacle. The entire room starts coming alive even the pictures on the wall. One of the pictures, a scene of a ship in a violent storm begins pouring water into the room. Soon the entire room is gone and Mike is trapped underwater, above him though he sees a light being emitted from the surface. As Mike swims towards it he comes up and realizes he is no longer in 1408. He is back on the beach from the beginning of the film. He looks up and sees the plane from earlier flying overhead and this time he can read the message on it, it says to get great life insurance call XXX-1408. Mike eventually finds himself back on the beach from before where he washed up.Mike then comes to in a hospital in LA. He sees his wife Lilly sitting next to him. He asks her if he is in NY, but she tells him he is in LA and that he never went to NY. He explains to his wife that had a vivid dream of going to NY and staying in Room 1408 at the Dolphin Hotel. His wife says she has never heard of it. We then see the two of them in a restaurant and his wife is telling Mike how the dream must've been a metaphor he concocted based on the events of his life. Mike seems composed, but he suddenly sees a waitress who looks exactly like the suicidal ghost from 1408. Mike becomes flustered, but then he looks back over and sees it is not that woman. Mikes wife then suggest he write about the experience. We then see Mike researching the same stories from before of the victims of 1408 but this time they are different and the victims are unrelated and didn't die in 1408. We then see Mike writing about the experience of 1408 on his computer and how it was a hellish dream he built in his mind. Finally Mike brings his completed manuscript of the 1408 story to the post office to mail it to the NY office, but as he gets to the counter he suddenly notices the man at the counter is not the usual guy, It is the bellboy he met earlier at the Dolphin, Mike turns around and sees some guys working on the wall behind him, but they too are workers from the Dolphin hotel. Suddenly they all begin tearing down the walls of the post office and behind them emerges Room 1408. Mike now realizes the nightmare is going to begin again anew.Mike is back in 1408 - is in ruins - but he cannot believe it. He keeps telling himself I WAS OUT! Mike looks back at the clock. It is still ticking down. Eventually Mikes daughter appears before him. Mike doesnt believe this is the real Katie. She asks him Don't you love me anymore? Mike falls to his knees and grabs Katie in his arms. He tells Katie he loves her and they will be together forever. However, suddenly Mike feels Katie go limp. He looks at Katie only to find her slumped dead in his arms. Mike begins to weep uncontrollably and falls to the floor. You cant take her from me twice he explains. The clock radio - still intact - turns itself on, playing the same song. The body of his daughter crumbles before him into dust. Mike becomes furious and smashes anything in a room.
Mike watches the last few moments of the hour pass on the clock.When the clock is over, Mike arises back in Room 1408 - back in normal. The clock has reset and has begun ticking back down from 60 minutes. We see Mike sitting at a chair answering a ringing phone. He picks it up and asks Why don't you just kill me? We then hear the same annoying and rude woman hotel operator from before because all our guests enjoy free will sir! She tells him You can either repeat this hour over and over forever or you can take advantage of our express checkout! Mike then looks over to see a noose dangling above the bed. Mike sees himself disappears in a mirror and then he sees the two graves, his daughter's grave and Mike's grave to be burried. Then in a mirror, Mike sees himself hanging through the mirror's image. This doesn't freak him out much. Mike goes back to the desk and picks up a receiver. The operator says, Are you ready to checkout? His answer is no and he hangs up the phone. The telephone rings and he answer it. The operator says, Your wife will be here soon and I will be sure to send her right up. Just remember there is no escape! Mike tells the operator that the room will not have her. He then says that if he is going down then he is going to be sure that Room 1408 joins him. Mike picks up the bottle of Bourbon from before which is now full again and puts a string into it. He lights the string turning it into a Molotov cocktail and then throws it at the wall. The room begins to erupt in flames. Some ways away we see Mikes wife Lilly in a cab near The Dolphin. She asks what is going on at the hotel as something is clearly awry. She jumps out of the cab and runs to the hotel and sees the fire. Guests are storming out of the hotel and into the streets. Lilly runs up to the fireman and begs them to help her husband. Meanwhile we see Mike back in 1408 smiling and laughing knowing he has beat the room even if this means his death. He crawls under a table as the room is engulfed in flames around him. Mike thinks this is it, but then the fireman breaks through the door and pulls him out. Outside the room in the hallway Mike tells them not to go in there because its cursed. They just ignore him figuring he is delirious from the trauma. As the fireman drag him out we see Gerald back in his office saying Well done Mr. Enslin..Later Mike awakens again in a hospital to find Lilly again at his side. Mike explains to her what happened and how he knows that all he has written about all these years and dismissed is actually real. His wife seems skeptical and believes Mike may be delusional from the experience of all that happened. Eventually we see Mike and Lilly back together in their home. Mike is going through his old things in boxes. Lilly finds Mike's stuff he brought back with him from the Dolphin Hotel. Lilly says they should just throw it out since it stinks and it brings back bad memories. Mike grabs them and says no telling her that bad memories are not to be forgotten, they are meant to be lived with. Lilly now realizes Mike is ready to move beyond his daughters death, though she is still doubtful of the 1408 haunting. In the things, Mike finds the recorder he had with him in 1408 that he occasionally used to comment on the events in the room. Mike realizes he had the recorder on longer than he thought. He fast forwards to the end of the tape. Mike hears the part where is talking to his daughter as Lilly listens too. Suddenly they both hear Katie on the tape. Mike and Lilly are both bewildered as they realize 1408 is very real.****************************************************************************************************************
Alternative (Original) endingDirector Mikael Håfström has stated that the ending for 1408 was re-shot because test audiences felt that the original ending was too much of a downer. The original ending, available on the two-disc collector's edition, sees the back draft engulfing the room as Enslin hides under the table, happy to see the room destroyed as he dies. During Enslin's funeral, Olin approaches Lily and Enslin's agent where he unsuccessfully attempts to give her a box of Enslin's possessions including the tape rresecorder. Before being cut-off Olin claims that the room was successfully destroyed and that it will no longer harm anyone ever again, hence why he claims Enslin did not die in vain. Going back to his car, Olin listens to the recording in his car, becoming visibly upset when he hears Katie's voice on the tape. He looks in the car mirror and imagines seeing a glimpse of Enslin's burnt corpse in the backseat. Having heard and seen enough, Olin places the tape recorder back in the box and drives off.The film ends at the gutted room, with an apparition of Enslin looking out the window and smoking a cigarette. He hears his daughter calling his name, and disappears as he walks towards the room's door. A sound of a door closing is heard and the screen blacks out.
tags: boring,  fantasy,  murder,  psychological,  paranormal,  horror,  atmospheric,  haunting,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  claustrophobic, 

title: The Lost Boys
synopsis: Brothers Michael (Jason Patric) and Sam (Corey Haim) travel with their recently divorced mother, Lucy (Dianne Wiest) to the small beach town of Santa Carla, California to live with her eccentric father (Barnard Hughes). Michael and Sam begin hanging-out at the boardwalk, which is plastered with flyers of missing people, while Lucy gets a job at a video store run by a local bachelor, Max (Edward Herrmann). Michael becomes fascinated by Star (Jami Gertz), a young woman he spots on the boardwalk, though she seems to be in a relationship with the mysterious David (Kiefer Sutherland), the leader of a biker gang. In the local comic book store, Sam meets brothers Edgar (Corey Feldman) and Alan Frog (Jamison Newlander), a pair of self-proclaimed vampire hunters, who give him horror comics to teach him about the threat they claim has infiltrated the town.
Michael finally talks to Star and is approached by David, who goads him into following them by motorcycle along the beach until they reach a dangerous cliff, which Michael almost goes over. At the gang's hangout, a sunken luxury hotel beneath the cliff, David initiates Michael into the group. Star warns Michael not to drink from an offered bottle, telling him it's blood, but Michael ignores her advice. Later on, David and the others, including Michael, head to a railroad bridge where they hang off the edge over a foggy gorge; one by one they fall, Michael falling after them.
Michael wakes up the next day unaware of how he got there. His eyes are sensitive to sunlight and he develops a sudden thirst for blood, which leads him to impulsively attack Sam. Sam's dog, Nanook, retaliates, and Sam realizes that Michael is turning into a vampire by his brother's semi-transparent reflection. Sam is initially terrified of his brother but Michael convinces him that he is not yet a vampire and that he desperately needs his help. Michael begins to develop supernatural powers and asks Star for help, but has sex with her shortly afterwards. Sam deduces that, since Michael has not killed anyone, he is a half-vampire and his condition can be reversed upon the death of the head vampire. Sam and the Frog brothers test whether Max is the head vampire during a date with Lucy, but Max passes every test and the boys decide to focus on David.
To provoke him into killing, David takes Michael to stalk a group of beach goers, and instigates a feeding frenzy. Horrified, Michael escapes and returns home to Sam. Star arrives, and reveals herself as a half-vampire who is looking to be cured. It emerges that David had intended for Michael to be Star's first kill, sealing her fate as a vampire. The next day, a weakening Michael leads Sam and the Frog brothers to the gang's lair. They impale one of the vampires, Marko (Alex Winter), with a stake, awakening David and the two others, but the boys escape, rescuing Star and Laddie, a half-vampire child and Star's companion.
That evening while Lucy is on a date with Max and the grandfather is out of the house, the teens arm themselves with holy-water-filled water guns, a longbow, and stakes, barricading themselves in the house. When night falls, David's gang attack the house. The Frog brothers and Nanook manage to kill one of the vampires by pushing him into a bathtub filled with garlic and holy water, dissolving him to the bone. Sam is attacked by Dwayne, another vampire, and shoots an arrow through his heart and into the stereo behind him, electrocuting him and causing parts of his body to explode. Michael is then attacked by David, forcing him to use his vampire powers. He manages to overpower David and impales him on a set of antlers. However, Michael, Star and Laddie do not transform back to normal as they had hoped. Lucy then returns home with Max, who is revealed to be the head vampire. He informs the boys that to invite a vampire into one's house renders one powerless, explaining why their earlier assumption had been incorrect. Max's objective had been to get Lucy to be a mother for his lost boys. As Max pulls Lucy to him, preparing to transform her, he is killed when Grandpa crashes his jeep through the wall of the house and impales Max on a wooden fence post, causing him to explode. Michael, Star and Laddie then return to normal.
Amongst this carnage and debris, Grandpa casually retrieves a drink from the refrigerator, and declares: One thing about living in Santa Carla I never could stand: all the damn vampires.
tags: comedy,  gothic,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence, 

title: Apocalypto
synopsis: It is the early 16th century, somewhere in the Central American jungle. A tapir runs frantically through the forest before it springs a trip wire trap and is impaled on a swinging branch full of spikes. Young Jaguar Paw (Rudy Youngblood) puts the tapir out of its misery and eagerly divides its internal organs between his fellow hunters; Curl Nose (Amilcar Ramírez), Smoke Frog (Israel Contreras), and Cocoa Leaf (Israel Ríos). Blunted (Jonathan Brewer) receives the tapir's testicles as the brunt of a joke since he and his wife have yet to have any children. Jaguar Paw's father, Flint Sky (Morris Birdyellowhead) offers some remedial help, giving Blunted some red leaves that he instructs him to use the next time he and his wife try.They are soon interrupted by a band of refugees passing through the forest, looking downtrodden. One of them, a fisherman (Hiram Soto), addresses Jaguar Paw and explains that their village was attacked and that they are seeking a new beginning. They exchange food before the group moves on, though Jaguar Paw is keen to know more about what happened. His father silences him and they return to their village. Just before they get back, Flint Sky explains to his son that the refugees were infected with fear and that it should not be brought into the village to fester.Jaguar Paw goes to his hut and admires his small son, Turtles Run (Carlos Emilio Báez), before greeting his very pregnant wife, Seven (Dalia Hernández). Blunted returns to his wife, Sky Flower (Iazua Larios), whose mother (María Isabel Díaz) impatiently tells him to hurry and give her grandchildren. Moments after entering their hut, Blunted runs out screaming and holding his privates before seating himself in a water trough. Flint Sky falls to the ground laughing, as the leaves he gave Blunted were meant to cause a burning sensation when rubbed. Blunted yells at him but starts laughing with everyone else. That night, an old storyteller (Espiridion Acosta Cache) tells how man once received gifts from the forest until the forest had nothing left to give. The villagers begin to play music and dance but Jaguar Paw's mind is distracted until Seven brings him back.The following morning, Jaguar Paw wakes early from a dream and notices fire torches quickly approaching the village. Warriors appear, igniting huts and apprehending the villagers. Jaguar Paw takes his wife and son and puts them in a deep cistern to hide. He ties a rope to a nearby rock so that they can climb out again before running back to the village to help, killing a raider along the way. However, the village is soon overrun. Blunted is held down while Sky Flower is forced into a hut where she is presumably raped and killed. Jaguar Paw attempts to free his father but is knocked down by a raider. Middle Eye (Gerardo Taracena), a raider nearly killed by Jaguar Paw, nicknames him 'Almost'. Flint Sky tells his son not to be afraid as Middle Eye props him up and slits his throat. All the surviving captives are tied up and led away, attached to each other on long poles while the children of the village are left with none but the dead for company. As the Holcane hunting party leads the captives into the forest, one of them, Snake Ink (Rodolfo Palacios), notices Jaguar Paw looking towards the cistern as they pass. Snake Ink investigates but does not notice Seven and Turtles Run. He is, however, suspicious of the rope dangling into the hole and cuts it.The fierce-looking leader of the Holcanes, Zero Wolf (Raoul Max Trujillo), reunites with his son Cut Rock (Ricardo Diaz Mendoza) who has suffered a bruising blow to the head, swelling his right eye shut. Zero Wolf cuts lines into his brow to release the pressure of blood, allowing his son to see again. The party meets up with a second raiding group which has caught the band of refugees seen the day before. Jaguar Paw recognizes the fisherman as the two groups are led further into the forest, followed by the children of the two clans. As they cross a raging river, the children are halted by the water. The eldest girl cries out that the children are hers now and she will take care of them. That night as they camp, Zero Wolf gives his son a large dagger which he says has killed many men. It is a symbol of Cut Rock's manhood, proven by the successful raid. Blunted laments and promises to take as many captors with him to Hell if he does not find his Sky Flower there.The next day, while treading a narrow path on a cliff, Cocoa Leaf, severely injured in the village raid, looses his footing and dangles over the edge. Jaguar Paw and the others manage to pull him back onto the path while Middle Eye watches with interest and goads them to regain their footing. He then cuts Cocoa Leaf free of his binds and shoves him over the cliffside. Zero Wolf berates him for losing one of their captives though Middle Eye asserts he was only dead weight. Still, Middle Eye dares not argue further and assures not to repeat his actions before walking beside Jaguar Paw, taunting him and again calling him 'Almost'.As they near civilization, the party crosses through a deforested area and failed maize crops where villagers lay dead, decimated by a plague. A small girl, sick and with sores on her face and hands, approaches the party but, when Snake Ink forcefully pushes her away, suddenly looks towards Jaguar Paw with a blank expression. She then looks at Snake Ink and prophesies their doom, warning of a man who brings blackness of night and a jaguar, is reborn of mud and earth, and who will bring those that will cancel out the sky and 'scratch you out'. She says that this man is among them now. The party moves on as she continues to call to them.They enter a city where workers toil in limestone quarries, covered white by the excess and spreading quick lime over buildings. A worker coughs blood and an old man approaches the captives, drooling and begging for help. He is kicked away by a Holcane and told to die with dignity. The women captives are separated from the men and are sold as slaves. Blunted watches as his mother-in-law is auctioned but rejected due to her age. She is freed to wander and she follows Blunted as far as she can go, touching his arm assuredly before closing her eyes against a pillar, helpless.The men are led through a tunnel where they see pictures on the walls depicting human sacrifices. Women paint their bodies blue as they are led to the top of a step pyramid. The heads of victims are tossed down the steps and collected in baskets at the bottom. Jaguar watches as the first captive (José Suárez) is sacrificed, his heart ripped out and his head severed. The same fate befalls Curl Nose before Jaguar Paw is brought to the sacrificial pedestal. Seemingly accepting his fate, he waits until the high priest (Fernando Hernandez) stops due to a solar eclipse. The priest announces to the clamoring crowd that their god is pleased and begs for the sun to come back. However, the priest and the Mayan leaders are well aware that the eclipse will eventually pass; they use the celestial events to wield power over the public and their enemies. He then instructs Zero Wolf to get rid of the other captives.Jaguar Paw and the others are taken to an old ball court where they are instructed to run the length in pairs towards the forest at the end with a cynical promise of freedom should they make it. Cut Rock runs ahead to the end of the court as a 'finisher' and it becomes clear that the captives are to be used as target practice. Blunted and Smoke Frog are the first to run, but Blunted is speared in the lower back and Smoke Frog is hit with a large stone before being finished by Cut Rock. Next, Jaguar Paw and the fisherman are told to flee. Jaguar Paw's necklace is ripped off by Middle Eye and thrown into the dirt; a dark omen, before he runs. Though they evade most of the projectiles, the fisherman is shot through the head by Snake Ink's arrow and Jaguar Paw is impaled through his side, falling near Blunted. Before Cut Rock can finish him, Blunted lunges and grabs Cut Rock by the leg, buying Jaguar Paw some time. Cut Rock kills Blunted with a single blow to the head but Jaguar Paw breaks off the arrow head in his own body and stabs Cut Rock in the neck. Cut Rock stumbles as Jaguar Paw stands, removes the arrow shaft from his side, and runs into the forest.Zero Wolf runs to his son and coaxes him into eternal sleep. As his son dies in his arms, Zero Wolf takes back his dagger and puts his son's necklace into his belt before running after Jaguar Paw, bent on revenge. The other holcanes follow him. Jaguar Paw runs through a corn crop and falls into a mass open grave filled with the remains of thousands of sacrificial victims. He runs across the decaying bodies into the jungle, where he climbs a tree and hides, blood still dripping from his wound. The holcanes run past beneath him. When they are gone, he turns to see a black jaguar cub growling at him. He hears a louder roar behind him and turns to see the threatening mother jaguar. Meanwhile, the holcanes stop, realizing they have lost Jaguar Paw's trail. One of them notices blood on Middle Eye's shoulder and they backtrack, keeping their eyes to the trees. They soon see Jaguar Paw running through the forest and Speaking Wind (Marco Antonio Argueta) pursues him. As their paths merge in a clearing, Speaking Wind is attacked by the jaguar that was chasing Jaguar Paw. He is viciously mauled to death before the others arrive and kill the jaguar.Drunkards Four (Bernardo Ruiz) dislikes the bad omen associated with killing the jaguar while Snake Ink remembers the strange child's prophecy and remind him it was foretold. Zero Wolf hushes them all, eager to find and kill Jaguar Paw. The chase lasts through the night and into morning. At one point, Drunkards Four approaches a tree where blue paint which Jaguar Paw rubbed onto the tree, but he is bitten in the neck by an asp. Hanging Moss (Ariel Galvan) advises him to blood let for a quicker death. As the holcanes eventually catch up to Jaguar Paw, he is cornered and forced to leap over the edge of a high waterfall. He survives and stands on the riverbank, calling out to the holcanes that this is his forest and his descendants will continue to hunt in it. Impatient, Zero Wolf stabs Snake Ink when he suggests climbing down rather than jumping. Buzzard Hook (Ammel Rodrigo Mendoza) is the first to jump, but dies when he hits his head on a submerged rock. The others are luckier and continue their pursuit.As he flees, Jaguar Paw lands in a muddy sinkhole, but manages to climb out. After he does so, he pauses and decides that he is not afraid and will no longer run. As the holcanes approach, Jaguar Paw, covered in black mud, confronts them and tosses a live wasps' hive at them, instigating the wasps to attack. Jaguar Paw runs towards a stream where he finds a poison arrow frog and collects its venom on a few large thorns. He runs in a circle and hides in the reeds, waiting for the holcanes as thunder rolls overhead.Meanwhile, Seven attempts to escape the cistern by tossing a stalactite to the surface with the rope attached to it. She manages to climb halfway, but the rock dislodges, causing her to fall. Though she is barely hurt, her water breaks from the trauma.As the holcanes pass Jaguar Paw's hiding place, he takes a large leaf and rolls it into a blowgun. He fires his darts at Hanging Moss, already weakened by the wasp stings. As Hanging Moss falls to the ground, his cries attract Middle Eye, who runs back. Middle Eye comes face to face with Jaguar Paw and they run at each other, each eying the bludgeon that Hanging Moss dropped. Middle Eye swings his own as they approach each other and Jaguar Paw barely manages to duck, suffering a mild blow to the head. As he slides under Middle Eye's attack, Jaguar Paw picks up Hanging Moss' bludgeon and rises to strike Middle Eye in the temple. Middle Eye calls him Almost one last time as Jaguar Paw kills him with a blow under the chin. It suddenly begins to rain and Jaguar Paw races to the cistern, knowing that it will soon fill with water. Zero Wolf and the remaining holcanes, Monkey Jaw (Carlos Ramos) and Ten Peccary (Richard Can), see Middle Eye's body and Jaguar Paw racing into the forest. Enraged, Zero Wolf outruns the other two in his pursuit. Jaguar Paw gets to the cistern to find it filling with water and Seven in labor, screaming for him to hurry. An arrow narrowly misses Jaguar Paw and he runs into the jungle as Zero Wolf closes in. Monkey Jaw and Ten Peccary pause by the cistern to see Seven and Turtles Run at the bottom before resuming the chase.Jaguar Paw stops at a specific spot in the forest that he recognizes and turns to face Zero Wolf who shoots an arrow into his shoulder. Though wounded, Jaguar Paw stands, waits, and watches as Zero Wolf charges at him with his dagger drawn. Zero Wolf fails to notice a trip wire and sets off the tapir trap, becoming impaled on its sharp spikes. He dies as Monkey Jaw and Ten Peccary arrive. They chase Jaguar Paw to the beach where he collapses from exhaustion. When they catch up with him, they stop, staring at the sea where a small fleet of Spanish ships is anchored. Soldiers and missionaries are rowing to shore in small boats. Mesmerized, Monkey Jaw and Ten Peccary approach the shoreline while Jaguar Paw races back to the cistern. He finds that Seven has just given birth and pulls his family out of the cistern.Later, when the rain stops, Jaguar Paw carries his newborn son, followed by Seven and Turtles Run. They look back towards the Spanish ships and Seven asks if they should go to them. Jaguar Paw says that they should, instead, go to the forest and seek a new beginning.
tags: suspenseful,  cruelty,  murder,  realism,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  psychedelic,  action,  revenge,  historical,  sadist,  prank, 

title: V/H/S/2
synopsis: Tape 49/frame narrativeThis story follows two private investigators, Larry and Ayesha, as they investigate the disappearance of a young male college student. Upon entering the student's home, they discover a large stack of TV sets and VHS tapes, and a laptop with a still-recording video on it. They stop the recording and go to the beginning, where they see the boy talking about how strange the VHS tapes are. Larry investigates the house and tells Ayesha to watch the tapes.After watching the first tape (Phase I Clinical Trials), Ayesha questions its legitimacy. The student on the computer mentions the tapes need to be watched in correct sequence to affect you. Ayesha watches another tape (A Ride in the Park), after which Larry finds her asleep with her nose bleeding. After being woken, she says she has a migraine. Visibly ill, she asks Larry to go get medicine, and plays another tape after he leaves (Safe Haven). Upon Larry's return, he finds Ayesha dead, and a VHS tape with the word WATCH written on it in lipstick. He watches it (Slumber Party Alien Abduction), confused, and also watches the rest of the boy's laptop recording, getting it all on camera. The boy goes on about how the tapes mess with your mind and how he'll make a tape of his own. He then commits suicide by shooting a revolver beneath his chin. His body sits there a moment before he stands up and shuffles out of the room with his lower jaw blown off. As he hides, the two investigators (Larry & Ayesha) enter and stop the recording.All of a sudden, Ayesha comes back to life and attempts to strangle Larry. Larry struggles with her and suddenly breaks her neck. He takes the camera and flees from the undead Ayesha. He hides and shoots her with his gun. Unknown to Larry, the undead college kid is hiding with him. The college kid kills Larry, then takes the camera, and gives a thumbs-up, having accomplished his goal.Phase I Clinical TrialsA man, the patient, is sitting in a doctor's office and the doctor is examining his camera. The camera is in the man's eye, which has been installed after a car accident took his sight from that eye. The doctor informs the patient that everything will be recorded and monitored for research purposes. The man, hesitant, asks if there's a way to turn the recording off but the doctor says no. On his way out of the clinic, the man sees a woman who stares at him intently as she passes.After returning home, the patient is playing video games and gets up for tea. He returns to find his game controller far from where he had left it. He hears a crash and finds the tea kettle on the floor. Later, he sees what appears to be a body lying beneath the sheets of his bed. He pulls away the sheets, but no one is there. He then finds himself face to face with a bleeding man. He hides in the bathroom but when he returns, he sees the man again, this time with a young girl. He flees to the bathroom again and is disturbed by repeated knocking on the door.The patient sleeps in the bathtub overnight. The next morning, everything is back to normal, though his room seems to be in more disarray than the night before. Later, the woman from the hospital visits him. She tells him that her name is Clarissa, and she was the recipient of a cochlear implant, and began to sense things similar to what the patient has been experiencing after the operation. A man appears at the window and the patient tries to alert her to his presence, but she says she knows he's there. He's her uncle who died several years ago. She urges him not to pay any attention to them and that the more attention they get, the stronger and more dangerous they become. She tells him to calm down and initiates sex as a distraction.The patient awakes and sees Clarissa sleeping. When he again finds the young girl he saw before, he flees and finds that Clarissa is being drowned in his pool. He tries to help but Clarissa dies. He runs back inside to call 911 but is greeted by the dead man. Panicked, he grabs a straight razor, and removes the eye from its socket. Afterward, the intruder picks up the eye, then shoves it deep down the patient's throat. The eye camera stops filming.A Ride in the ParkThis segment is shot almost entirely with a Go Pro camera mounted on a helmet. A man, the cyclist, tells his girlfriend he loves her on his cellphone. As he is riding his bike, a woman jumps out into the middle of the road. She's covered in blood and is screaming hysterically. He tries to help, but she collapses and vomits. As three growling people approach them, the woman suddenly becomes feral and starts to bite and claw at him. The cyclist kills her before running from the zombies. Injured, he falls and loses consciousness.Later, a man and a woman are cycling. Upon seeing the fallen man, they notice it looks like he's been bitten. The cyclist attacks the man and starts eating the woman. He returns to the man and begins to disembowel him and eat his entrails. The woman joins him and starts eating him as well. The man sits up, and the three of them shuffle away into the woods. The footage switches to a camcorder recording a young girl's birthday party. When a zombie bites into a man's neck, chaos ensues. People grab weapons, but most of them are quickly subdued. The cyclist chases a man who is piling children into a minivan. The man stabs him with a large meat fork, and scrambles into the van. The cyclist is shot by a man who shoots two others before being overwhelmed. The cyclist walks towards the sound of a crying woman, but is hit and run over by a fleeing SUV.After the cyclist struggles to remove the meat fork from his skull, his girlfriend calls him. The cyclist holds up his phone, and his girlfriend says that he must have dialed her by accident and tells him that she loves him. The cyclist crawls toward the shotgun, puts it in his mouth, and pulls the trigger.Safe HavenA news crew goes into an Indonesian cult to report the goings-on. It is alluded to that the father or founder of the cult sleeps with the children to purify them. The interviewer hears a conversation between his fiancée and his best friend, both of whom are crew members, and finds out that she's pregnant with his best friend's baby.Inside, a bell tolls and the father starts talking about how it's time. He gets on an intercom and tells everyone that the time of reckoning has finally come. The camera guy interrupts and the father stabs him in the throat with a box cutter. He continues to talk and the women of the compound pass around pills and liquid.Downstairs, the best friend has wandered into the room he was strictly told not to enter. He finds a surgical room covered in blood and a woman, presumably dead, lying on a bed with her legs apart as if she were giving birth. She wakes up and starts screaming, and he flees. When he returns, he sees that the school of children are now dead and the fiancée is being taken by the women toward the surgical birthing area. The interviewer rushes to help his friends and bursts into a room where men are standing in a circle, holding guns. The men proceed to shoot themselves. Two men enter then, one running as if frightened out of the suicide. Behind them, a man comes and shoots him. The best friend sees the show host being held at gunpoint by one of the cult leaders. The man shoots the host and then shoots himself.The best friend runs after the fiancée but is quickly stopped by an explosion from the room she was taken to. From there, a deformed demon crawls out and disappears. The best friend runs into the father, who is covered in blood. The father concludes a satanic ritual and then blows up. The guy enters the room and finds the fiancée lying on the same bed he'd seen the first woman in. He sees her stomach undulating as if there were something inside. Her stomach stretches until a horn finally rips through her belly. A large horn-headed creature comes out of the woman's stomach and starts howling and slaying everyone it encounters. The shocked friend turns around and desperately runs out of the building. Behind him, he can hear devilish roars and menacing stomping sounds. The friend, the only survivor, sees that the people who killed themselves have now become zombie-like ghouls.He runs toward a car, starts it and tries to escape the compound. As he drives away, thick fog comes from behind his car and the demonic howls get closer. Something then hits the side of his car and rolls it over. Bloody and bruised, but still alive, the man crawls out of the car that's being stomped, but as he gets his head out the car window, he observes the horned beast. The demonic creature grunts the word Papa to which the man starts laughing hysterically, as he realizes that the beast is his child.Slumber Party Alien AbductionThe segment begins with a group of boys who are making home videos with a camera attached to their pet dog. Throughout the segment, the resident family is shown to live on an open property with a barn, all of which is close to a large lake. The mother and father of the sister and one of the boys, Gary, are shown leaving for a vacation. Shortly after their departure, the sister is shown arriving with her boyfriend and their friends. The brother and his friends plot to disrupt the sister's company with an assortment of water guns and water-filled balloons.The next scene shows the boys attacking the sister and her friends down on the lake's dock. The boy with the camera at one point dives into the water and a humanoid figure is briefly seen reaching for him until the image is disrupted by the angered boyfriend diving into the water. Later that night, the boys once again plan to disrupt the sister and her boyfriend who are now alone in the sister's room. The boys barge in with loud music and strobe lights, thus angering the couple again. During this scene a loud train-like horn is heard as the power in the house fluctuates but the occurrence is ignored.The boys are shown running away from the house toward the lake as they film the angered boyfriend and sister chasing after them. While hidden, the boys notice circular flashing lights down by the dock. The lights disappear and the boys are caught by the boyfriend and the sister who now retrieve the camera. The next scene shows the sister and the boyfriend in possession of the camera. The couple notices that the boys are sleeping downstairs and there is a pornographic film being played on the television. The couple attach the camera to the family dog, which wanders over to one of the boys who is still awake and masturbating to the film being played. The boy is interrupted and the couple enters, laughing at the situation that has now been filmed.The scene is quickly interrupted by a bright flash of light coming from outside and a loud horn blasting throughout the house. Frightened, the group of friends and the couple notice the silhouettes of slender, long-armed, humanoid figures right outside the glass doors that quickly disappear when the bright light dims. The boyfriend returns with a shotgun after momentarily leaving the room. He is shown leaving the room to encounter whatever the group saw outside the doors, but is seen being tackled by a dark figure. The sister is next shown following the boyfriend with a strobe light, and the group is quickly attacked by what are now seen as greys.Gary and the dog with the camera are then trapped in a sleeping bag and seem to be dragged from one of the greys. Gary and the dog are dragged to the lake but are finally rescued by the group who seemed to lose the greys. Gary is unconscious and the group attempts to perform CPR on him when they get him out of the water and on to the dock. While the group attempts to revive Gary, the strobe light shows the greys climbing out of the water and slowly crawling toward the group on the dock. The loud horn resonates through the area once again, which seems to revive Gary from his short spell of unconsciousness.The remaining group run off into the woods in an attempt to once again lose the greys. Hiding among the trees the camera shows the greys and what appears to be a spotlight from their craft searching through the woods, but the group is discovered when the dog barks at the approaching greys. The group once again runs off through the woods and notice what seems to be police lights and sirens. The group runs toward a clearing where they think the police have arrived but are once again interrupted by a flash of light and the loud horn noise. The police are not there and the lights and noises were, in fact, coming from the greys' craft. Realizing this, the distraught group is then picked off by the approaching greys. The last ones, the sister and Gary, along with the dog, run toward the family barn.The sister locks the barn door but the greys enter through the back. The sister directs Gary to climb up a ladder into a loft with the dog. The sister is seen being attacked and taken by two greys before she can climb up the ladder with Gary. A grey is then shown climbing up the ladder in an attempt to seize Gary. The greys are shown breaking into the dark loft and loud jet-like noises coming from what appears to be the greys' craft are heard. The roof of the barn is ripped off and Gary, still holding the dog, is seen being lifted into the air. Gary's grip on the dog breaks and Gary disappears into the sky while the dog plummets toward the ground. The camera falls off the dog's neck and shows him shaking, covered in blood, and severely injured. As the dog stops breathing, the video ends.Source - Wikipedia
tags: murder,  paranormal,  violence,  cult,  horror,  entertaining,  prank, 

title: Mickey's Christmas Carol
synopsis: On Christmas Eve in 19th-century London, Ebenezer Scrooge, a surly money-lender, does not share the merriment of Christmas. He dismisses two gentlemen's collecting money for charity and declines his nephew Fred's invitation to Christmas dinner. His loyal employee Bob Cratchit requests to have Christmas Day off, since there will be no business for Scrooge on the day, to which he reluctantly agrees.
Scrooge continues his business until just before midnight and then leaves for home. In his house, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his deceased business partner Jacob Marley, who warns him to repent his wicked ways or he will condemned in the afterlife like he was, informing him that three time-travelling spirits will visit him during the night. As Marley leaves, he falls down the stairs after he avoids tripping over Scrooge's cane.
Scrooge is visited by the Ghost of Christmas Past, who takes him back in time to his early life. They visit his time as an employee under Fezziwig. Fezziwig throws a Christmas party, Scrooge attends and meeting a young woman named Isabelle, whom he falls in love with. However, the Ghost shows Scrooge how Isabelle left him when he chose his wealth over her. A distraught Scrooge dismisses the Ghost as he returns to the present.
Scrooge next meets the gigantic, merry Ghost of Christmas Present. Scrooge and the Ghost visit Bob's house, learning his family is surprisingly content with their small dinner, Scrooge taking pity on Bob's ill son Tiny Tim. The Ghost informs that Tiny Tim will likely not survive until next Christmas and he fades away.
Smoke fills the streets, revealing the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, who appears as a silent, cloaked figure; the Ghost takes Scrooge into the future. Escorted to a cemetery, Scrooge discovers that Tiny Tim has died. He then overhears two gravediggers who are amused that no one attended the funeral of an unnamed colleague while digging a grave. After the weasels leave to take a break from their work, the ghost points out Scrooge's own grave, revealing that he was the man who died. Realizing this, Scrooge vows to mend his ways as the ghost shoves him into his empty coffin sitting in a deep grave atop the fires of Hell.
Awakening in his bedroom on Christmas Day, Scrooge decides to surprise Bob’s family with a turkey dinner and ventures out to spread happiness and joy around London. He donates much of his money to the charity workers and wishes his nephew Fred a Merry Christmas as well. Scrooge then goes to the Cratchit house, at first putting on a stern demeanor, but reveals he intends on raising Bob’s salary and making him his partner in his counting house. Scrooge and the Cratchets celebrate Christmas.
tags: horror, 

title: Boo! A Madea Halloween
synopsis: The movie opens with Tiffany (Diamond White) and her three friends walking past a frat house. The fraternity brothers approach them, start flirting and invite them to their Halloween party later on. Tiffanys dad Brian (Tyler Perry) stops his car, scolds the young ladies then attempts to order them into his vehicle. He is tired of telling them not to walk by the frat house on the way home from school. They ignore him and continue walking home.At home, he tells Tiffany not to change out of her outfit before she reaches home and explains to Tiffany that he has to go out later and that shell need to stay with her mother tonight. Tiffany (wanting to sneak out and attend the frat party), explains to her dad that she is 17 and does not have to go to her mother. Instead, she says her friend Aday (the preachers daughter) will spend the night, so she will not be home alone. Brian calls Aunt Madea (Tyler Perry) and arranges to pay her to babysit Tiffany and Aday (Liza Koshy) for the night.Madea is out on Halloween with Hattie (Patrice Lovely) sitting on the bench by the pavement. Hattie pretends to give candy to children by sticking her hand in their basket with a lollipop while taking a handful of candy from their basket. They get into an argument with a fat preteen (dressed as a cow) and his mom who notices their trick. However, they make fun of his weight, tell his mom to put him on a diet and explain they're doing him a favor. A clown approaches them, accompanied by a huge jack-in-the-box. He spins the handle, and another clown pops up. Madea, scared, beats them up, and they are revealed to be Madea's brother Joe (Tyler Perry) and Aunt Bam (Cassi Davis). All four go to Brian's house. Brian is attempting to take the befriend your child route and tries convincing them to tell Tiffany they were just in the area and decided to stop by, to no avail. They all tell him his parenting methods are ineffective.Madea, Aunt Bam, Uncle Joe and Hattie sit downstairs in the living room smoking medical marijuana, legally obtained by Aunt Bam, who has a medical marijuana card. Tiffany gives Aday a remote that turns off all the lights in the house and goes downstairs to play a trick on the older folks. She brings a game called Life or Death, which Madea pushes away. A card for death falls out of the game box, and Tiffany warns them about Mr. Wilson who used to live in the house and still haunts the house. She signals Aday to press the remote and all the lights turn off. Frightened, the women head to sleep in the bedrooms upstairs, while Uncle Joe remains downstairs.Later in the night, Tiffany and Aday are dressed for the party and stuff Tiffany's bed with pillows to make it appear as if they are sleeping. Leah and Rain are outside waiting for them, as they sneak through the back door. At the party, Tyga, is performing. Madea notices they are missing and goes to the party looking for them. Thinking she is in costume as an old lady, several frat brothers outside the party ask to see her boobs, which she shows them. Upon noticing how lifelike her boobs, they realize she is an old lady and head inside to vomit.Madea asks several people whether or not they have seen Tiffany, including Leah and Rain who find Tiffany and warn her. She and Aday sneak upstairs into different guys bedrooms. Unable to find the young ladies, Madea goes home, and Aunt Bam calls the police. The young men in their respective rooms, attempt to make a move on Tiffany and Aday, but when one finds out Aday is only 17, he runs out his room and warns the other, then they kick both the young ladies out the house. Rain and Leah insist that they are 18. The cops arrive at the house as the young women are being escorted out the back door and Tyga stops playing music and heads home. The cops insist on carding everyone as they leave the party. Aday is shown hiding in the bushes.The cops go to the Simmons house and tell them that there were no underage young ladies at the house, Tiffany walks downstairs in her pajamas and insists she has been home whole night and the cops assume that Tiffany made a prank call and let her off with a warning. Strange things begin happening in the house; Aunt Bam is in the bathroom, and the hot water refuses to turn off and writing in the mirror appears, warning her to leave. Aunt Bam and Hattie warn Madea, as they all hear noises in the attic. Madea agrees to go to the attic and sees a clown, that she attacks with her walking stick. All three ladies run out the house screaming and begin to hotwire the car. Joe goes outside hands them their bags and keys and explains that he is staying as he does not believe in that nonsense. A clown approaches him in the house and like Madea, he knocks the clown out with his walking stick.Madea receives a call from the preacher, saying he has Aday and wants to have a word with them at the church. On the way, there the car stalls and a group of zombies begin to chase the old ladies down, so the three women run to church. At church, Madea begs the Lord for forgiveness and confesses her sins in an attempt to make it all stop. The preacher then reveals Aday; then Aday explains that the zombies, clowns, water not turning off and all the other pranks were by the frat brothers as revenge for calling the cops for their party. Hattie and Aunt Bam arrive about to confess their sins and Madea explains what is happening. They all begin to plot revenge.Back at the house, Joe has the clown unmasked at home and already knows what is happening. They all plot revenge and call Brian and demand he returns. When he is home, they head to Tiffany's room, and Madea begins to pack up all her clothing, telling her she must get a job and buy all her clothing threatening to kick her out. Tiffany yells at her father, ordering him to stop letting them walk all over him, just like she and her mother do. She then reveals she knew her mom cheated on him in the house. Brian explains that he never said anything as he was only trying to protect Tiffany, but agrees with them all that he is too soft and lets them pack up her clothes. The older ladies reveal that they got strict parenting and kicked out when they were younger, having to give up the good to survive and turned out just fine.The cops arrive the next morning at the frat house, and the guys go downstairs to hide all the alcohol and marijuana. They see Aday's body with a slashed throat and freak out. The cops raid the place and arrest all the frat brothers, then go to collect Tiffany, Rain, and Leah. The prison van has female prisoners at the front and a partition separating them from male prisoners at the back. The older inmates in the van talk about raping the youngsters behind bars before fighting erupts in the van among all the older prisoners. They youngsters begin to cry, realizing they had thrown away their future when the police revealed it to be an elaborate prank. Aday is still alive and in makeup. Madea assumes the police are Brian's friends in fake uniforms, but Brian is an attorney and explains that they are real officers and that he works with them regularly for his job. Madea and the frat boys run when the cops find drugs at the frat house, and the end credits begin to play.
tags: horror, 

title: Les yeux sans visage
synopsis: Eyes Without a Face begins at night as a young woman eases her car down a back road near a river. She stops and manages to pull out of the car a woman's body wrapped in an overcoat and dumps it into the river. We are then introduced to a medical professor giving a lecture before a rapt group of admirers. The woman is Louise (Alida Valli) and her employer Prof. Genessier (Pierre Brasseur) has been attempting to perfect a number of surgical procedures, one of which it turns out is grafting skin from one animal to another. He experiments with dogs and has many mongrels penned up on his estate that he uses as subjects. When detectives bring the professor to identify the dead woman that Louise has dropped into the river, he says that it is the body of his missing daughter Christiane (Edith Scob). Meanwhile Louise drives around the French city looking for young women to spark up a friendship with. At the secluded estate of the professor his daughter Christiane (Edith Scob) remains hidden from view, and it turns out her face is covered with a mask to hide her features that have been damaged in a car accident caused by the father. The professor had previously performed plastic surgery on Louise that was successful with only a minor little scar at the base of her neck, a scar that Louise hides with a string of pearls. With Christiane, however the plastic surgery graft has not been successful and so the professor and Louise kidnap young women to attempt to transpose their beauty onto young Christiane. Things begin to go wrong when Christiane reaches out to an ex beau and the insular world of this dysfunctional family collapses.
tags: gothic,  murder,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  claustrophobic,  romantic, 

title: A Nightmare on Elm Street
synopsis: The film opens with a bizarre sequence where we see an unidentified individual, visible only by his hands, creating a strange weapon: a glove with sharp knives for fingers. Tina, a young girl in a nightgown, is rushing down ominous alleyways filled with steam and shadows. Suddenly the bizarre man lunges at her, brandishing the glove. Tina screams and sits bolt upright in her bed; the entire episode was a nightmare. Tina's mother comes into her bedroom, alerted by her scream, and notices that Tina's nightgown is slashed near her stomach. The cuts are similar to what would be made with the glove from the dream.Tina meets her friends at school the next morning: her boyfriend Rod, her best friend Nancy, and Nancy's boyfriend, Glen. Nancy and Tina discover that they have both had the same nightmare, and although Glen and Rod try and hide the fact, they seem to have been having nightmares, too. That night, Nancy and Glen decide to stay with Tina, because her mother has gone out of town. Rod shows up later and frightens the three of them by making strange sounds in the back yard and then jumping out at Glen. Rod and Tina go upstairs into a bedroom to have sex, while Nancy and Glen sleep separately downstairs; Nancy resists the idea of fooling around, since she and Glen are supposedly there as moral support for Tina.As all of them fall asleep, strange things begin to occur. The wall over Nancy's bed seems to lose its solid form, and the shape of a human figure looking at her seems to lean out of it. Nancy does not see it, her eyes closed in half-sleep, and when she awakens, the form disappears. In the room where Tina and Rod are sleeping, Tina is awakened by noises at the window; someone is in the back yard hurling small rocks at the glass. Tina knows this is whoever has been trying to frighten her, and she goes downstairs to confront whoever it is. When she ventures out into the back yard, a phantom voice lures her into the alley, the same as in her dream. She is startled by strange things such as a goat suddenly lurching into the alley, and then finally her stalker emerges, a man in a fedora, a dirty red and green striped sweater, and the deadly glove with knives for fingers. He taunts Tina by laughing at her and whispering her name, and he walks towards her with his arms stretching further than humanly possible, spanning the entire alley, blocking her escape. Tina retreats into her back yard and the figure leaps out again, this time from behind a tree. He slices off his own fingers and strangely colored blood spurts out. Tina tries to make it into her back door, but the man grabs her, and she struggles with him. We see Tina in bed next to Rod, trashing around; she has been dreaming this incident, as well, only the man seems to actually be under the covers with her. Rod awakens and pulls off the sheet. He can only see Tina, but she is being manipulated by some unseen force. Her stomach is slashed open, four wounds appearing all at the same time, obviously from the glove. Tina is dragged screaming up the wall, over the ceiling, and falls down dead into the bed, which is now covered in her blood. Nancy and Glen have now awakened and burst into the room to find Rod gone, apparently through the window. Tina is dead.At the police station, Nancy is giving her account of what happened and she talks to Lt. Donald Thompson, who also happens to be her father. Nancy's mother, Marge, and Lt. Thompson are apparently divorced, and they greet each other with restrained hostility. Rod is the obvious suspect in the murder, but Nancy feels that this is not the case; although Rod has a reputation as a delinquent, Nancy knows he is not a killer.As Nancy walks to school the next morning, Rod appears and pulls her into some bushes. Rod swears to Nancy that he did not kill Tina, but before they can talk any further, Lt. Thompson appears with his men and arrests Rod. Nancy is offended that her father used her to capture Rod, and she storms off.At school, the exhausted Nancy falls asleep in English class, and she thinks she sees Tina standing outside the classroom door. Tina speaks to her from a bloody body bag, and Nancy sees the bag dragged away by some unseen hand. She drifts out of the classroom and follows the bloody trail down into the basement. On the way, she is confronted by a female hall monitor, who scolds her for not having a pass. Leaving the girl behind, Nancy turns around when she speaks to Nancy in a man's voice, brandishing the weird knife-glove and cackling at her. Nancy goes down into the basement and is confronted by the killer, who is dressed in the same sweater and hat. His skin is horribly scarred, burned almost beyond recognition. He traps Nancy in the boiler room and backs her against the wall, taunting her. Come to Freddy! he says, but just before he can slash her with the glove, Nancy burns her arm on a hot pipe. The burn wakes her up, and she disrupts her English class by screaming and jumping out of her chair. Even though she is now awake, she has a large burn mark on her arm. Embarassed and frightened, she leaves school for the day. She visits Rod in prison and confirms her fears: Rod is having the same nightmare, haunted by the same figure with the glove. She tells Rod that she knows he didn't kill Tina, and leaves.Nancy has another incident where she is threatened by Freddy; she falls asleep in the bathtub and she is pulled underwater, dragged into some kind of abyss underneath. She manages to swim back up to the opening of her bathtub and pulls herself to safety. Marge, hearing Nancy's screaming, bursts into the bathroom, but Nancy tries to pretend she simply fell. Marge sends Nancy to bed, but Nancy is now afraid to sleep. She drinks coffee constantly and has a fresh pot hidden in her room, just in case.Nancy enlists Glen's help in an experiment. It appears as if she asks Glen to follow her, but she is in her nightclothes, so we presume she is dreaming. Nancy goes to the jail where Rod is being held, and by peering in the window she can see his cell. Rod is asleep, and she can see the killer approaching him, walking right through the bars of Rod's cell. Nancy yells for Glen but he is no longer there; instead, the voice of the killer answers I'm here, Nancy! and he lunges at her, chasing her back to her house. She runs inside and finds she cannot escape because her stairs have suddenly turned into a sticky mess. The killer smashes the window on the front door and peers inside as Nancy struggles to get away; he is wearing Tina's face as a mask, and imitating her voice, he says Nancy, help me, please! Save me from Freddy! Nancy wakes up, and she is furious to find Glen asleep next to her bed, as she had asked him to keep watch and wake her if it looked like she was having a nightmare.Nancy and Glen hurry over to the jail to see Rod, as Nancy is convinced the killer is going to strike. Sure enough, before they can intervene, Rod's nightmare becomes real and an unseen hand twists his bedsheets around his neck, stringing him up in his cell and breaking his neck. Lt. Thompson is skeptical of Nancy's claims that they are being haunted in their dreams, as it appears Rod simply hung himself. Both Marge and Lt. Thompson seem to share an unspoken realization about Nancy's allegations, but they will not admit anything to Nancy.Instead, Marge takes Nancy to a sleep clinic where they monitor her body as she sleeps. Her nightmare sends the instruments haywire because of its intensity, and when they wake Nancy up, she has a sudden gray streak in her hair from terror. There is another shock for all of them: Nancy is inexplicably holding the killer's Fedora. She says she was holding onto it when she woke up.Nancy's mother continues to deny that anything strange is going on, and she insists that Nancy get some sleep. Instead Nancy produces the Fedora and points out that it has a name written inside: Fred Krueger. Marge denies knowing who that is, and Nancy reacts angrily. Nancy has a conversation with Glen where Glen tells her that certain zen masters could control their dreams. Nancy asks what they would do if they met a monster in their dreams, and Glen says they would turn their back on it. If you take away a nightmare's energy, it disappears. Glen is surprised that Nancy believes she will die because of a nightmare, and also that she is reading books on creating booby traps and survival techniques.Nancy's mother finally opens up to her and tells her the truth. Taking Nancy down into their own basement, Marge tells her about Fred Krueger, who was a murderer that preyed on young children. When Krueger was apprehended, a technicality (being an improperly signed search warrant) caused the evidence against him to be inadmissable, and he was not convicted and was hence, released from prison. As a result, she and Nancy's father, along with other parents in the neighborhood, murdered Krueger on their own by setting him on fire. Marge reaches into the furnace and removes a dirty bundle; unwrapping it, she produces Freddy's glove, which she took the night they murdered him. Nancy realizes that Freddy is out for revenge, somehow reaching from beyond the grave to murder them in their dreams.Nancy tries to warn Glen but his parents will not allow her to talk to him. She receives a taunting phone call from Kreuger, even after she rips the phone out of the wall, and she realizes that Glen is about to die. Nancy can't rescue him because her mother has placed metal bars on all the windows and doors. Glen falls asleep and is killed by Freddy, being sucked into his bed and apparently shredded until nothing is left but gore, which erupts into a horrible fountain all over his bedroom.Nancy realizes she is now alone and must face Freddy or die. Calling her father, she tells him that she is going to go and get Freddy and bring him out of her dream, and she wants her father to be there to arrest Freddy when she does. Lt. Thompson doesn't believe her, but he patronizes her so that she will go to sleep.Nancy sets up a number of booby traps in the house for Freddy in order to give herself an advantage after she 'captures' him. After saying goodnight to her mother, who is now completely drunk, Nancy falls asleep and goes down into her basement. There she finds a door that was never really there before, and it leads down a long staircase into another basement. She continues to climb further and further downwards, following ladders and stairwells, until she is in Freddy's boiler room. Freddy is nowhere to be found, and time is running out before Nancy's alarm goes off and wakes her up. Finally he attacks her and she struggles with him; her nightmare suddenly shifts and they are outside of her house. Nancy's scheme succeeds, and she brings Freddy into the real world, holding onto him as her alarm goes off. The booby traps she has rigged for Freddy help her get an edge on him, but she is unable to get the attention of her father; the cop he has posted to watch Nancy's house seems to be unable to understand that Nancy needs help.Freddy chases Nancy through her house and down into her basement, where she sets him on fire. Lt. Thompson breaks into the house, but he and Nancy are shocked to see fiery footprints leading out of the basement. They follow the trail upstairs and find Freddy struggling with Marge in her bed. When they pull back the bedclothes, Freddy is gone. Marge is nothing but a charred corpse, and the body disappears into the bed. The supernatural manifestation shocks Lt. Thompson, but Nancy seems resolute. She asks to be alone for a moment and when Lt. Thompson leaves, Freddy appears, rising up out of the bed. Nancy turns her back on him this time, remembering what Glen told her. She curses Freddy, telling him You're nothing. You're shit. He lunges at her, but her lack of fear renders him powerless, and he vanishes into thin air.Nancy leaves the bedroom and suddenly finds herself outside, dressed for school. Marge stands on the porch and sees Nancy off to school in a loving way, telling Nancy that she is going to quit drinking. Glen, Rod, and Tina pull up in Glen's car to take Nancy to school. When Nancy gets in, the convertible roof suddenly slams shut over their heads; the roof is red and green, like Freddy's sweater. The windows go up and the car drives off, with all four of them trapped inside. Marge seems oblivious, waving goodbye to the kids, when suddenly Freddy's arm smashes outwards through the small window in the front door. In a bizarre movement, Marge's entire body is pulled through the tiny window, and she is gone.
tags: avant garde,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  good versus evil,  psychedelic, 

title: Diary of the Dead
synopsis: The movie begins with news reporters filming a story about the death of an immigrant couple and their child. As they are wheeled out of their apartment building on a gurney, the mother and the child suddenly wake up and attack the emergency services crew on site. Both are shot in the head, but not before biting quite a few of the people.After an introduction to the zombie documentary ('The Death of Death') mostly filmed by Jason Creed (Joshua Close), a film student at the University of Pittsburgh, the film cuts to the group of students filming a mummy horror movie in the woods in the middle of the night, with Jason directing. The actor playing the mummy, Ridley Wilmot (Phillip Riccio), is lectured on the way a corpse moves and the make-up artist, Tony Ravelo (Shawn Roberts), on not doing a good enough job on the make-up of the zombie. While the group argues, another student, named Elliot Stone (Joe Dinicol), declares that something strange is on the news. All the students, and their supervising professor hear the reports of the dead waking, and Tony scoffs at the news. After hearing the report, Ridley decides to head to his home in Philadelphia, along with his girlfriend Francine Shane (Megan Park), another student.The group gets into their Winnebago and heads over towards the university dorms to pick up Debra Monahan (Michelle Morgan), Jason's girlfriend. Entering the abandoned dormitory, he finds Debra in her room, attempting to get through to her parents, but to no avail. On the laptop computer next to her is the news report that was shown at the beginning of the movie. They get on the road once more, and Jason requests that each of the people introduce themselves to the camera, because he believes what is going on will be a part of history, and wants to document everything. Each of the group members introduce themselves hesitantly, starting with Mary Dexter (Tatiana Maslany), the driver, and moving to Debra, and Tony, then to Elliot, Gordo Thorson (Chris Violetti), his girlfriend Tracy Thurman (Amy Lalonde), and finally their professor, Andrew Maxwell (Scott Wentworth). While they drive, they encounter a car accident on the side of the road, where a State Trooper slowly stumbles towards the caravan. The students are frightened as he looks as though he has been fried from the fire of the accident. He begins to pound on the door, and the group quickly drive off, running over three other zombies as they escape.Mary falls quickly into depression as she realizes that she has murdered three people. Stopping for a break outside, Mary shoots herself with a pistol she was carrying, prompting the group to panic. Discovering that she still has a pulse, they rush to an abandoned hospital, looking for help. The group splits up, and Gordo hears a chaotic radio transmission. The group eventually find a doctor hidden behind a curtain. They call for his help, only to discover that he is a zombie. After firing shots into his torso, they realize the only way to put an end to him is to shoot him in the head. After killing him, an undead nurse starts to stumble towards them. After losing its eyes due to Debra zapping her head with a defibrillator, Gordo puts an end to her by shooting her in the head too.Running out of battery power for the camera, Jason opts to stay with a comatose Mary while it charges. He hears Debra screaming, but remains where he is, not wanting to leave his camera. Debra comes back, with another video camera in hand, and lectures Jason about his documentation being more important than their lives. Mary suddenly groans as she begins to turn into a zombie. The professor confiscates the pistol from Gordo's hands and kills Mary. On their way out of the hospital, a zombie patient bites Gordo in the arm before Elliot stabs the patient in the head with an IV pole.A few hours later it is dawn. The group bury Mary, and Gordo is dead. Tony prepares to shoot him, but Tracy stops him, pleading for him to wait and see whether he will turn. Gordo then does wake up as a zombie, and Tracy kills her boyfriend herself. They get on the road again, only to have the caravan break down due to a broken fuel line. They find a barn and its deaf owner, Samuel, an Amish man. After repairing the fuel line, the group prepares to leave. But several zombies appear from out of nowhere and attack. Samuel is bitten and stabs himself in the head with a scythe, thus killing the zombie behind him in the process.Another few hours later, the group encounters a band of rugged African-American survivors who have stocked a fortified warehouse with supplies. Jason uploads the footage he has shot so far on the Internet, and gets 72,000 message replies within eight minutes from around the world. Debra receives a text message on her cell phone from her little brother, claiming they are safe and heading home. Just before leaving, Ridley calls Jason via webcam and invites him over to his mansion in Philadelphia saying that he and Francine are safe. The group gathers some supplies from the warehouse after Tony kills a zombie and proving his worth to the rugged survivors.The group then sets out again to Debra's home. When they arrive, they find Debra's parent's car in the garage with the passenger window smashed and bloody. As they search the house, Debra is ambushed by her undead brother, who is quickly killed by Professor Maxwell with a bow and arrow. Debra also finds her zombie mother who had been chewing on her dead father. She is also killed by the professor, who claims that they need to leave.As night falls once again, the group decides to head over to Ridley's home hoping to find santuary. Before they get there, the group encounters two jeeps with four soldiers from the National Guard, who stop them. While the other three soldiers stand guard around the trailer, the colonel (Alan Van Sprang) enters the camper asking where they are going. After ordering Jason to turn the camera off, the four rouge soldiers quickly steal all their supplies, save for their weapons, and drive away, leaving the students with no food or water.A few more hours later, the group finally arrives at Ridley's home, only to find the front door open. Searching the home, Ridley surprises them as he comes out of a panic room in the library that has a two-foot thick steel door and is filled with video camera monitors eyeing the whole grounds. Tracy and Jason go and unload the caravan while Tony films Ridley going through the kitchen, looking for some food. His strange behavior alarms both Tony and Debra, who ask where Francine and his family are. He claims that they are all dead, and that he has buried them. He shows the two their bodies, who have been carelessly dumped into the swimming pool, but not before Tony noticing a bite wound on Ridley's hand. Ridley quickly turns, and goes outside where Jason is filming Tracy unloading the caravan. The zombie Ridley suddenly attacks her, but she manages to run. Jason follows them with his camera, and distracts Ridley as Tracy smacks a stick into Ridley's back, knocking him out.Angered that Jason simply filmed her as her life was in jeopardy, Tracy takes the caravan and drives off on her own. In the bathroom, Elliot dries his hair with a blow dryer as he is ambushed by the undead Ridley, causing him to fall into the tub and killing him from electrocution.Professor Maxwell suggests they head into the panic room after seeing Elliot's death on the TV monitors, but Jason refuses, claiming he doesn't want to be shut off from the rest of the world. He lies that he'll go into the panic room, and while the rest of the group are busy stocking up, he sneaks away, only to run into Zombie Ridley. The group hears the commotion and find Jason being bitten by Zombie Ridley on the ground. Zombie Ridley's head is sliced in half by the professor, leaving Jason lying on the floor. He begs Debra to shoot him, which she does.The next morning, vowing to continue his movie, Debra uses the camera and takes Jason's place and begins to record their actions. Debra, Tony, and Professor Maxwell spot hundreds of zombies breaking into the mansion from all directions and a dead Elliot walking around the house. The professor quickly closes and locks the panic room door as the zombies move inside the house sealing the three survivors inside the panic room... with no hope of escape or rescue. The movie ends with Debra explaining how inhumane some humans are, and questions whether the human race is really worth saving.
tags: horror,  revenge,  humor,  violence,  stupid, 

title: Legion
synopsis: The film begins with a quote from the Bible, something about fearing God before a sunset sky fades in and we hear a voice over by Charlie (Adrianne Palicki) telling the audience about what her mother used to say about God, and how he was ever loving and forgiving, but eventually got tired of all of humanity's bullshit and became an angry, vengeful God. It is now nighttime, and we see a man fall from very high, landing in a back alley somewhere in Los Angeles.The fallen man is the Angel Michael (Paul Bettany). Soon after arrival, Michael takes out a large knife and cuts off his own wings, causing a blue halo to close around him, and removing a large metal collar from around his neck: he is presumably mortal now, and no longer taking orders from Heaven. Recovering a bit, Michael looks across the street at a Chinese toy import warehouse, and heads toward it.Inside, a security guard (Stephen Oyoung) is patrolling the premises when Michael crashes through the glass ceiling, knocking him out, and stealing his clothes. Inside the warehouse's bathroom, Michael grabs a med kit and stitches up the wounds from where his wings were removed. Upon finishing up, he finds what he was looking for in the warehouse, a shipping container crammed full of guns (apparently toys were not the only thing this company was shipping). He begins to grab several guns off the walls and walks out of the container with two large duffel bags. He then looks at a door in front of him.Two cops are on patrol in their squad car and discuss how bad things have gotten, and older of the two says that he sometimes wished that he could just torch the place and let it start over, and that this city is about to explode from all the crime and evil but before he can continue, there is a massive explosion in front of them and out comes Michael from the warehouse, carrying the two large duffel bags of firearms. The cops try to arrest him, but he gets one of them in an arm lock, while pointing a gun at the other. Suddenly, the lights flickering on and off, and the cop pointing the gun at Michael starts to shake violently. Once the cop stops shaking, he has noticeably different black eyes, and possessing a mouth full of pointy shark-like teeth. The possessed man shoots the other cop, asks what Michael is doing, as his intervention on Earth is violating his orders. Michael says that he is following his own orders now, shoots the possessed cop, grabs his bags of guns, and drives off in the squad car. As Michael leaves, darkness surrounds the city the apocalypse has begun.Cut to the Mojave Desert, the camera pans to a small desert diner/gas station where a bunch of locals work, including Charlie, an unwed single mother (well, pregnant) working as a waitress. Charlie speaks to one of her coworkers/friend, Jeep (Lucas Black), and it's evident that he has feelings for her, and wants to take care of her and the baby, even though she doesn't seem to return his affections. Inside the diner, Jeep's father Bob Hanson (Dennis Quaid) is trying to fix an old 60s era TV by slapping at it with varying degrees of success while the chef, Percy Walker (Charles S. Dutton) teases him about getting a new one. A married couple, Howard and Sandra Anderson (John Tenney and Kate Walsh) and their daughter Audrey (Willa Holland) are stuck at the diner, waiting for their car to be fixed. Sandra complains to Howard about their daughters clothing (too scantily clad) and it's evident that Howard is the relaxed type, Sandra is a bit uptight, and Audrey is the rebellious teenager.At the diner Sandra is complaining from how long the repairs are taking, and gets Howard to talk to Bob. Bob tells him that it shouldn't be long, and goes to check on his son. In the garage, Bob finds Jeep cleaning up an old crib instead of fixing the car and reprimands him for it. Jeep says that he knows that Charlie doesn't love him, but believes that taking care of her and the baby is something that he just has to do. Bob tells Jeep that he once had a dream to do something too, and opening this gas station/diner in hopes of profiting when a mall was to be opened across the road. However, the plans were scrapped and Bob was left with a business out in the middle of nowhere, and his wife left him and Jeep to fend for themselves. It's clear that Bob loves his son, and doesn't want him to chase a dream only to realize too late that it's a dead end, but he eventually relents, and tells Jeep to just finish work on the car.Out in the desert, a man by the name of Kyle Williams (Tyrese Gibson) is driving along the interstate, but has become lost, and ends up at the diner. There, he meets Charlie, making small talk and getting a cigarette off of her. A few moments later, they go inside and Charlie gets back to work while Kyle looks for a phone since his cell phone has stopped working. Kyle gets on the phone with his ex-wife and they are apparently in a custody battle over his son, which is why Kyle is in such a hurry. However, before he can say more, the phone stops working. Jeep enters the diner as well to tell Bob that the car he was supposed to work on is too advanced, that there's something wrong with the computer system, and they don't have the equipment to fix it. Jeep suggests having the car towed to the next town over, but Kyle returns from the phone and says that he was cut off mid-sentence and that the phones are now dead. Around this time, the TV stops working too. After a bit of hitting, the TV jumps to the emergency broadcast signal (the THIS IS NOT A TEST, along with a loud beeping tone). Percy tries the radio, but gets the same signal. Bob tries his best to calm everyone down, and says that it's probably just an earthquake nearby that's causing all the problems.A few moments later, a car stops at the front, and out comes a little old lady (Kaye Wade) on a walker. The old woman enters the diner and is greeted by Charlie, and orders a nearly raw steak. Charlie returns with the steak and the old lady asks her about her baby. After a few more questions, the woman says that the baby will burn, and that they will all burn. When Sandra confronts the woman, she just yells at her and how all she does is complain. Howard, taking offence to this, confronts the old woman as well, but before he is able to say much, the woman lunges at him and takes a bite right out of the side of his neck, leaving him to bleed out on the floor. The old woman transforms (black eyes, sharp teeth) and Percy throws a frying pan right at her head, knocking her out. However, the woman gets back up and crawls right up the ceiling. Bob grabs his rifle and tries to shoot her, but she's too fast, and knocks him out. Jeep grabs the fallen shotgun and tries to shoot her, but just can't bring himself to do it. The possessed woman is about to lunge at Jeep, but is brought down by several gun shots not from Jeep, but from Kyle, who was carrying a handgun.After a bit of frantic talk about demons and monsters, and their inability to call for help, they decide to put Howard in the one remaining car and drive him to the next town for help. Howard, Sandra, Audrey, Percy and Kyle get into the car and head out, while Bob and Jeep are left to decide on what to do with the corpse.As they drive, Audrey notices a strange cloud in the distance, but Kyle just brushes it off as a storm or something. However, the cloud seems to be moving, and becomes evident that it's not a cloud, but a massive swarm of flies. The flies surge towards the car and start to get in through the air conditioning vents and begin to fill up the car. Back at the diner, Bob and Jeep hear a car approach and go outside to see the others returning and running back into the dinner to avoid the flies.Having no other choice, the group decides to stay put until they can call for help. Bob and Jeep wrap up the possessed woman's corpse and take her outside. Bob spots a police cruiser out in the distance and greets it gladly, thinking that help as finally arrived, except that it isn't a cop, but Michael. Realizing that it's not a cop, Bob points his gun at Michael and demands to see his teeth. Michael complies, and grabs the gun from Bob and points it at him. Before things can escalate any further, Michael senses something, and gives the gun back to Bob, then arms everyone else with the guns that he had brought from LA. He tells them that they are coming.Inside the diner, he says that they will be here soon, and that they must defend themselves. Michael gives Charlie a gun too, and tells her not to do anything heroic.As the sun sets, the men head up to the roof to watch for any incoming help/attackers. Soon, they hear a sound from the distance, and it's an ice cream truck. The ice cream man (Doug Jones) gets out of the truck and is obviously possessed, but the people in the diner aren't sure. Suddenly, the ice cream man's arms and legs lengthen grotesquely and he lets off an inhuman scream before charging at the diner. Michael takes aim and guns it down, and tells the others that more are coming.And a few moments later, a large number of cars come over the horizon, all filled with possessed people. As the cars approach, Michael orders the others to fire, and they comply, causing many cars to swerve crash and explode. Even with all the men firing down at the incoming army of possessed, many more are coming from the other direction of road. Michael whips out a rocket launcher and take out a large number of them, along with a truck carrying large pipes, blocking the roads a bit. Michael yells to the others to keep the possessed from reaching the diner, but there are just too many of them. Downstairs, Audrey, Sandra, Charlie and Howard and hiding among the diner's tables, but one of the possessed crashes through the window and grabs Howard, attempting to drag him out. Charlie tries to help Sandra and Audrey, but she is almost taken herself by one of the possessed until Michael slices off the man's hand and fights them off with a lot of bullets.The first wave is over, but Howard was taken.Everyone is scared and confused until Michael reveals that he is there to protect Charlie and her unborn child, and that the possessed that attacked them were not demons, but angels sent by God. Michael tells them that the key to humanity's survival is Charlie's baby, and they must protect her until the child is born. Charlie says that the child is not supposed to be born yet, but realizes that it will happen soon anyway (the current date in the film is December 24).The survivors go off to deal with the situation in their own way: Bob makes some food and cracks into a beer, offering one to a grieving Sandra. Audrey is also grieving for her father, quietly sobbing in the corner. Percy and Kyle are on the rooftop discussing why Kyle was carrying a gun and Kyle replies that he's had a rough childhood, and has carried a gun since then, implying that he's done some criminal activities, but never actually fired it before that morning. Percy replies by telling him a story about his father, and how before each night, he should contemplate whether he is proud of the things he's done, and if he isn't, then he should get right on it.Down in the basement, Jeep and Michael are working to fortify the Diner, and Jeep asks Michael why he is helping them, especially if it means violating heaven's orders. Michael tells Jeep that when God first made man, he was the first to bow down before them, because, like God, he loved humanity. And even though God has given up on them, Michael has not. Michael has a quick flashback to his time in Heaven he speaks with Gabriel (Kevin Durand) about God's decision to eradicate humanity and start over. Michael openly challenges the decision, and claims that it is what God wants, but not what he needs. Gabriel, who has chosen to follow God's directives without question confronts Michael, telling him that he cannot go against the will of God and his army of Angels. Gabriel says that the order has been given, and up in the sky, a massive swarm of Angels fly in formation towards Earth. The flash back ends and Michael tells Jeep that he still has hope in humanity, even through all the atrocities that humanity has inflicted upon itself, because of people like Jeep, who do not give up in spite of the challenges ahead, and love unconditionally. Michael leaves Jeep to think about what he said.As morning approaches, Sandra wakes up and hears her husband's voice. She follows the voice to the window at the rear office and sees that Howard is still alive, tied upside down to a cross. Sandra pushes the barricade aside to get to her husband, even as Audrey and Percy try to stop her. She makes it outside and it appears that Howard has large pulsing boils all over his body and is about to explode. Percy grabs Sandra just in time and pushes her back into the diner, but is covered in spray from the exploding Howard. The others arrive at the office to watch as Percy falls to the grown dead, having had his entire back side melted off by some kind of acid.The others tie Sandra to a chair until she can calm down while Audrey gives her a pill to help her calm down. Sandra blames Audrey for the mess they are in, since they were moving to another town for Audrey. Audrey is devastated, but copes with it.The morning passes by quickly with nothing much really happening until sundown. Suddenly, all the lights and power come back to the diner, and everyone wonders if things are better, but Michael assures them that it's not over. They hear over the radio (it's working now) that some survivors have banded together to fight the infected (possessed) and have made a small settlement nearby. The group wants to leave, but Gabriel says that it's not safe.Up on the roof, Kyle and Audrey are on watch, and Kyle teaches Audrey how to fire a gun. Audrey already knows how though, as she dated a marine mostly to anger her parents. She's the rebellious type, and has been acting out for most of her childhood, mostly to get attention from her parents. Kyle can relate, as it was pretty much what he did as a child too. They share a few more moments reminiscing about their childhoods before Kyle notices a van approach the gas station. Thinking that is filled with more possessed people, Kyle aims his gun at it, but soon realizes that it's a survivor of the apocalypse, and his son. The man is just trying to get some gas, but is soon surrounded by the possessed.The man (Denney Pierce) doesn't see them coming until Kyle fires into the air to alert him, but it's too late, the man is killed by a car driven by the possessed and the child (Cameron Harlow) is taken. Kyle, thinking of his own son jumps down and attempts to save him. However, the child was possessed as well, and bites into Kyle's neck, killing him. Audrey sees this and charges towards Kyle to save him, killing several of the possessed along the way, but running out of ammo as she reaches Kyle and manages to protect herself by locking herself inside a minivan. Inside the diner, Bob wants to go save Kyle and Audrey, but is threaten with death by Michael, who cannot risk them opening the door and letting in the possessed. Charlie confronts Michael and says that if he doesn't do something, she will. Having no choice, Michael arms up, and orders them to open the door just long enough to let him inside. Michael gets outside and takes down many of the possessed, then sprays gasoline on the rest and sets them on fire and saving Audrey. However, the possessed have now turned their attention on the diner and try to get in. After a bit of a gun fight, all the possessed are killed or frightened off, except for one, the child that Kyle tried to save. The possessed child attacks Charlie and almost succeeds, but she fights him off with a dinner tray until Michael can dispose of him. However, the fight with the child triggered caused Charlie's water to break, and her child will be born soon.Audrey is given the task of helping with the childbirth while everyone else watches out for more attackers. The outside is now completely surrounded by the possessed, but they aren't attacking. As the child is born, it starts crying, which appears to cause great pain to the possessed. A moment later, a massive bellowing horn is heard, and Michael says that they have to leave. The others protest, but Michael tells them that since the child has been born, none of the possessed can even approach him, but because of this, something more powerful is coming to claim the child, Gabriel (hence the horn).The survivors are packing up to leave and Sandra and Audrey reconciles their differences, however, Sandra believes that all the possessed want is the child, and decides to give them what they want so that she and Audrey can leave. Sandra grabs the child and heads for the door, while Michael aiming his gun at her head, demanding for her to stop. Just then, another horn blast his heard and the door behind Sandra glows white. The door slams open and Gabriel is standing right behind her. Having no choice, Michael shoots Sandra, causing her to drop the baby, but Jeep is close enough to catch him. Jeep and the baby get out of the way just in time as Gabriel swings at them with a huge iron mace. Bob attempts to shoot at Gabriel, but Gabriel spins around and blocks the shots with his wings (which appear to have the consistency of metal). As Bob runs out of ammo, Gabriel extends a wing and slices into his stomach, and throwing Bob into the kitchen.Michael tells everyone to leave out back, but he stays to hold back Gabriel, instructing Jeep to learn to read the instructions, and find the prophets to Jeep's confusion, but there's no time to talk.Michael confronts Gabriel and asks him not to continue, to let the child live. Gabriel has already made up his mind, and will never disobey. It is evident that neither wants to fight the other, but they have no choice but to fight until one dies. Michael shoots at Gabriel while Gabriel takes swings at Michael with his mace and wings [pretty good fight]. Michael is injured by Gabriel's wing but manages to put him in a headlock. However, Gabriel apologizes to Michael, and then stabs himself through the chest with a spike from his mace, which impales Michael as well. Gabriel is technically still immortal, while Michael has become mortal from cutting his wings, and so Michael dies. Gabriel tells him that since he loves humanity so much, he will die like them. As Michael dies, he glows blue and burns up/disappears at the same time, the same tattoo-like marking that were on Michael's body, appears on Jeep (the instructions he mentioned earlier). Gabriel turns and prepares to pursue the others, but walks past Bob, who is still alive, and has disconnected the gas pipes and is now attempting to light them. Before Gabriel can fly away, Bob ignites the gas, causing a massive explosion.Out on the road, Jeep, Charlie, the child, and Audrey are on their way towards one of the colony of survivors mentioned on the radio earlier. As they get closer to the colony, things seem to be going right at last, but a slightly singed Gabriel crashes onto the roof of the car, still trying to get to the child. After much struggling, Audrey is able to hold back Gabriel, and tells Jeep to hit the break, which he does, throwing both Audrey and Gabriel out of the car, and crashing the car as well. A moment later, Jeep is awoken by Charlie, who survived the crash, along with the baby. However, Audrey was killed, and Gabriel is missing.The remaining three head towards the mountain range where the survivors are supposed to be, but as they climb up the mountain, Gabriel shows up again. Jeep is able to grab onto Gabriel, pushing them both off a cliff, with Gabriel breaking Jeep's fall. Gabriel doesn't want to kill Jeep, but sees that there's no choice, and pulls out his knife. Just then, a resurrected Michael comes down from heaven (back in Angel form) and fights off Gabriel. Michael tells Gabriel that he was brought back because he did the right thing, that he gave God what he needed, and not what he wanted. Since he no longer has purpose (God rescinded the order), Gabriel leaves. Michael returns to Heaven as well, bidding Jeep good luck. Jeep returns to Charlie and the baby, and they head towards to settlement below.Charlie repeats her voiceover from the beginning, and we see Charlie, Jeep, and the baby in their car, driving off into the distance, with the back of the car full of guns.
tags: fantasy,  murder,  stupid,  violence,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  romantic, 

title: Deliria
synopsis: Late at night inside a theater, a troupe of actors are rehearsing a musical about a mass murderer known as the Night Owl. When the show's leading lady Alicia sprains her ankle, she and the wardrobe mistress Betty sneaks out of the rehearsal for medical assistance in which the closest medical facility is a mental hospital. When speaking to the psychiatrist, Betty notices a imprisoned patient who is revealed to be Irving Wallace, a former actor who went insane and committed a killing spree. Unbeknownst to any of them, Wallace killed one of the attendants with a syringe and sneaked out of the asylum, hiding in the back of Betty's car. Once they arrive back at the theater, the director Peter fires Betty for leaving during rehearsal. As she packs her things and gets ready to leave, Betty returns to the car only for Wallace to murder her with a pickaxe. Moments later, Alicia then emerges from the theater upon the discovery of her friend's corpse. Later, police officers arrive to remove the scene and stations two officers in the parking lot to keep an eye on the premises.Meanwhile, the director creates an idea by altering the play's script; he renames the show's antagonist to Irving Wallace instead of an ambiguous killer, and insists that everyone stay the night to begin immediate rehearsals with the new material, resulting one of his actresses Corinne hide the theater's key so nobody can leave. With the promise of additional cash, the group reluctantly agrees. Inside the dressing room, Laurel feels someone's inside and locks the door; she then screams when someone tries opening it and calls the group to her assistance. Peter accuses Brett as the culprit, but he refuses to accept.Unbeknownst to the group, Wallace himself has donned the theater's owl costume. While Alicia keeps searching for the key, Wallace arrives (with Peter thinking it's Brett) for the scene and strangles Corrine before stabbing her. Without the key's whereabouts, the group begins to panic and tries to contract the outside policemen. Wallace then disconnects the power source and telephone lines the power source and the telephone lines in addition for no escape. The group finds an escape route, but Ferrari gets separated. On the stage, Wallace sees Ferrari who begs and pleased to give him the money, but Wallace refuses and stabs him, later hanging his body upon the group's discovery. Peter and Danny leave Alicia, Mark, Sybil, and Laurel inside a room and searches for Wallace. Laurel notices Wallace outside opening the door and with the assistance of Mark, Alicia, and Lauel, barricades the door. When Wallace breaks the window and grabs Mark, he kills him with a power drill through the door, gaining the attention of Peter and Danny. They plan that everyone must defend themselves and to stick together. Peter notices someone walking on the attic, causing him to head upstairs where Alice and Laurel follow as well. In the process, Alicia is accidentally knocked unconscious after Laurel pushes her down. Arriving at the attic, Peter arrives with an felling axe and instead accidentally hacks up Brett, tied up with the costume on. Suddenly, a standing Sybil is pulled down by Wallace. Despite the help, she is killed by disembowelment. Danny immediately goes down before getting killed by Wallace with a chainsaw. During the escape, Peter accidentally pushes Laurel into Wallace's chainsaw and wounds her. Wallace severs Peters arm before his chainsaw runs out of fuel. Taking the axe, Wallace then decapitates Peter.Alicia wakes up and finds a wounded Laurel. They both hide in the shower room as Wallace approaches near them, before Laurel is stabbed by Wallace. Finding an exit, she arms herself with a pistol and searches for the key, only to see Wallace sitting with the group's corpses placed around the stage. Underneath the stage, she successfully finds the key (catching Wallace's attention) before getting attacked by Wallace. With the pistol having no ammunition, she stabs a screwdriver into Wallace's eye and runs to the door. Nearly missing his attacks, she heads up the attic catwalks where she reaches a dead end as Wallace corners her. After spraying a fire extinguisher at Wallace, he climbs up a dangling cord where Alicia servers the cord with his axe, causing Wallace to fall. She makes her way to the door, where Wallace attacks her before she dumps a burning bin to him, burning him. She successfully escapes the theater via unlocking upon the police assisting her. While being interviewed, she then sees her deceased friends being delivered outside.The next morning, Alicia returns to the theater and finds her missing watch, which was lost during the fight with Wallace. Finding out that eight bodies instead of nine were recovered, a burnt Wallace appears and attacks her with his axe before getting shot by Willy. As the credits roll, Alicia leaves the theater, unknown to her that Wallace has survived his gunshot and smiles to the camera.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  romantic,  sadist, 

title: The Town That Dreaded Sundown
synopsis: Sunday, March 3, 1946, in the small town of Texarkana, Arkansas, Sammy and Linda Mae are out parking in a car. The car hood pops open and a man wearing a hood over his face takes something from the engine. Sammy realizes that someone is out there and fruitlessly tries starting the car as the hooded man breaks the drivers side car window with a pipe and pulls Sammy out. Linda Mae screams, and the man goes for her as well.Linda Mae is found lying severely wounded on the side of the road the following morning and both she and Sammy are taken to a nearby hospital. A doctor tells Deputy Ramsey and Sheriff Barker that Linda Mae was bitten and literally chewed on different parts of her body by the assailant. Police Chief Sullivan asks about the Lovers Lane Case and he tells the other officers to warn people about parking on lonely roads. Ramsey states his belief that the mysterious person will strike again.On March 24, Howard and his girlfriend, Emma Lou, go out driving in the rain. After hearing gunshots, Ramey, patrolling in his car, finds Howard's parked car, but no one around. Ramsey hears more gunshots and in the woods he finds Howard and Emma Lou, both dead, having been shot several times. The hooded killer gets in the parked car and drives away.Since the killer, now known as The Phantom seems to have no motive and the townspeople begin to dread sundown. A few days later, Ramsey goes to the nearby train station to meet Captain Morales, a famous criminal investigator and Texas Ranger who arrives in Texarkana to find the killer. Morales has the officers set up a curfew for the entire town. Many people are on the case, including a few associates of the FBI whom also arrive in town to assist. But a number of criminals and crazy people come forward admitting to the murders, while a horde of other citizens are demanding protection.Ramsey tells Morales that on April 14, twenty-one more days after the second attack, the killer may strike again. Morales sets up decoys (cops posing as couples in unmarked parked cars). That very night at the local Junior and High Schools Prom, many people are leaving under the watchful eyes of the police officers nearby. Peggy gets her trombone and leaves with her boyfriend Roy. Roy suggests parking at their favorite spot, despite Peggy's wariness over the recent murders. After making out, the two of them nod off and wake up in their car at 2:40 in the morning. As Roy starts the car and begins to drive away, the Phantom suddenly appears and jumps on their car, grabs Roy and causes both of them to fall out. The Phantom whacks Roy on the head with a pistol and chases Peggy down, and ties her to a tree. A dazed Roy gets up and tries to run away, but the killer shoots him dead. The killer gets Peggy's trombone, attaches a knife to the end, and plays the instrument, stabbing Peggy in the back a few times, killing her.The next day, Morales is upset that the Phantom was able to kill again with all the law officers out looking for him. In a nearby diner, Morales, Ramsey and the group talk to Dr. Kress, who says that the Phantom is apparently motivated by a strong sex drive and will probably not get caught. He also says that the killings are like a game of the Phantom. Morales asks the doctor if the killer is insane, in which Dr. Kress replies oh, yes! At a nearby table, an unseen man, (wearing the killer's boots and slacks) stands up and walks out of the diner unnoticed after he has apparently heard everything the officers were talking about.Back at the station, Morales talks to a man named Johnson, who says that he was held at gunpoint by a man claiming to have killed five people. Morales and Ramsey get a call about an armed man. They spot him speeding away from a store and chase him down. The man, Eddie, is arrested after they find that he is driving a stolen car. Johnson identifies him as the man with the gun. Under interrogation, Eddie says that he is the Phantom, but Morales does not believe him and correctly suspects that Eddie is just another nutcase who wants to confess to being the killer in order to gain publicity and fame for it.On Friday, May 3, Helen drives away after grocery shopping and is unknowingly followed by the unseen killer who is identified by his familiar boots. While she is at home in a remote farmhouse, her husband, Floyd, in the living room, is sitting in a armchair reading a newspaper when the Phantom walks up to the window and shoots him twice with a silenced pistol. Helen only hears the breaking glass and enters the living room to see Floyd fall out of his chair to the floor dead with two bullet wounds in the back of his head and neck. Helen runs to a phone to call the police when the killer bursts into the house through the front door and shoots Helen twice in the face. While the Phantom enters the living room to look at Floyd's dead body, Helen, despite being shot in her right cheek and shot through her open mouth, manages to crawl out of the house through the back door and stumbles into a cornfield. The Phantom follows her out with a pick axe. After a cat-and-mouse game of hiding in the cornfield, Helen gets to a nearby house and bangs on the door and windows yelling for help. A concerned farmer, armed with a shotgun, comes out to help her in. The killer, seeing the man with a gun, angrily flees.Another few weeks later, Ramsey and Morales get a call about an abandoned car that fits the description of the car Ramsey saw that rainy night. They find the car and they get some shotguns from their police car and run off into the woods to look for the Phantom. They find the Phantom walking around an old quarry, walking around with the hood still on him. Morales and Ramsey chase the Phantom through the woods and to railroad tracks where the Phantom jumps over the tracks and a moving train gets between them. Morales fires under the moving train and hits the killer in his left leg. The Phantom manages to stumble away into the woods on the other side of the tracks.Over the next few days, police officers and Bloodhound dogs search the woods and the nearby swamps, but the wounded killer is not found. Afterwards, the killings stop, but the fear continues on to this day. The voice-over narrator explains that no one ever found out what happened to the Phantom.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  violence,  cult,  horror,  sadist, 

title: 28 Days Later...
synopsis: In Cambridge, three animal liberation activists break into a medical research laboratory. A scientist in the lab desperately warns them against releasing the captive chimpanzees, which are infected with a highly contagious rage-inducing virus. Ignoring his pleas, the activists release a chimp, which infects a female activist. She then attacks and infects everyone else present.
28 days later, in London, Jim, a bicycle courier, awakens from a coma in St Thomas' Hospital. He finds the entire hospital deserted. He wanders the streets of London, finding it deserted as well, with signs of catastrophe everywhere. Jim enters a church and finds a priest, who turns out to be infected. Jim flees, attracting attention of more infected, but Selena and Mark rescue him. At one of their safehouses, they explain to Jim that while he was in a coma, a virus spread among the populace, resulting in societal collapse. They claim the virus has been reported in Paris and New York City as well, suggesting the infection has spread worldwide.
The next day, Selena and Mark accompany Jim to his parents' house in Deptford, where he discovers they committed suicide in bed together. That night, the three are attacked by more infected. Mark is bitten, and Selena kills him. She curtly explains that the virus spreads through blood and saliva and overwhelms its victims in 10 to 20 seconds. She warns that should Jim become infected, she will kill him in a heartbeat. The two see some blinking Christmas lights from Balfron Tower and head there. They discover two more survivors – cab driver Frank and his daughter Hannah – who allow them to take shelter. The next day, Frank informs them that their supplies – particularly water – are dwindling. He plays them a pre-recorded radio broadcast from a military blockade near Manchester, claiming they have the answer to infection and promises to protect any survivors who reach them.
The group board Frank's cab and head to Manchester, bonding with one another during the trip. At the deserted blockade, Frank is infected when a drop of blood falls into his eye. He is killed by the arriving soldiers, who take the remaining survivors to a fortified mansion under the command of Major Henry West. West reveals to Jim that his answer to infection entails waiting for the infected to starve to death and luring female survivors into sexual slavery to repopulate the world. The group attempts to flee, but Jim is captured and chained next to Sergeant Farrell, a dissenting soldier. Farrell shares with Jim his speculation that the virus has not spread beyond Great Britain and that the country is being quarantined.
The next day, the soldiers prepare the girls for gang rape, while two soldiers lead Jim and Farrell to execution. When his executioners argue after killing Farrell, Jim escapes. Jim lures West and another soldier to the blockade, where Jim kills the latter and leaves West stranded for arriving infected. He runs back to the mansion and releases Mailer, an infected soldier West kept for observation. Mailer quickly spreads the infection among the soldiers in the mansion. In the confusion, Corporal Mitchell drags Selena upstairs to rape her, but Jim interrupts and kills him. The two reunite with Hannah and run to Frank's cab. Jim is shot by West, who has been waiting inside the cab. Mailer grabs West through the rear window of the cab and kills him. The trio finally leave the mansion.
Another 28 days later, Jim is recovering at a remote cottage. Downstairs, he finds Selena sewing large swaths of fabric when Hannah appears. The three rush outside and unfurl a huge cloth banner, adding the final letter to the word HELLO laid out on the meadow. A lone jet flies over the three survivors, the infected are shown dying of starvation, and the pilot calls in a rescue helicopter.
tags: mystery,  murder,  allegory,  cult,  violence,  horror,  thought-provoking,  atmospheric,  insanity,  romantic,  suspenseful,  entertaining,  sci-fi, 

title: Arachnophobia
synopsis: A photographer named Jerry Manley arrives in Venezuela, to be part of an expedition party, led by Doctor James Atherton (Julian Sands). Proceeding deep into the jungles, Jerry is instructed to take photographs of the animals and environments.Eventually, in a deep part of the jungle, the group come across a series of strange webs, and several unknown spiders. One that appears to be dead, shocks Jerry when it leaps onto his camera. Atherton chastises Jerry for killing it, but they still have some other specimens of the new species to take back. Unseen by the men, a larger spider that is the alpha male, hides on their gear.Back near their base camp, Atherton examines the specimens, noting that they seem to be 'drones,' as no sexual organs can be found on these, leading him to believe the spiders they've found are part of a 'hive,' with a leader.During this time, Jerry goes to rest, still suffering from a cold he had before he arrived. During his rest, the alpha male ends up biting him, causing Jerry to die.When Atherton and his men find out, they assume he must have succumbed to his cold, and a crude wooden casket is constructed to send Jerry back to his home in Canaima, CA. Unseen by the men, the alpha male stows away in the box.Once the box arrives in Canaima, the coroners find Jerry's body appears to have shriveled up, figuring this is a result of how he was sent back to the States. As the coroner calls Jerry's family, the alpha male sneaks outside, where it is quickly picked up by a crow. However, after some time, the spider bites the crow, its venom causing it to plummet near a country house with a nearby barn.The house just happens to be the new home of transposed San Franciscan residents, the Jennings. While moving things into the home, Ross Jennings (Jeff Daniels) is asked by his son Tommy to kill a spider. Ross' arachnophobia keeps him from doing this, and his wife Molly ends up carrying off the spider. At their daughter Shelley's insistence, they take it to the barn...where it promptly meets and mates with the Venezuelan alpha.Ross has moved his family from San Francisco, when it was announced that the town's physician Sam Metcalf (Henry Jones) was planning to retire. However, Ross' plans come to a screeching halt when Sam tells Ross he has reconsidered. Without a secondary job to fall back on, Ross gets some consolation when his nearby neighbor Margaret Collins (Mary Carver) welcomes him, and requests he examine her. After finding her in good health, Ross has her stop taking blood pressure medication that Metcalf prescribed her claiming they are unnecessary.Meanwhile, trying to find something to do, Molly wanders around looking for things to take pictures of with her camera. Her search leads her to the barn, where she finds a number of elaborate webs! She attempts to show them to Ross, who has to fight his phobia just to take a look.Some time afterward, Margaret hosts a party for the Jennings, and a number of the townspeople get to meet them. Ross is also introduced to a number of the townspeople here. The party does get a little off-kilter when Henrietta Manley (Lois De Banzie) has too much to drink, wailing about her son who passed away a few months prior.The next day, Molly calls Margaret to thank her for the party, but gets no answer. Since she lives next door, Ross goes over to check on her, only to find her collapsed on the floor. Dr Metcalf proposes that it was a heart attack, but Ross suspects it could be something else, given that the body was contorted as if she were in a seizure. When Ross also argues with Metcalf about taking Margaret off the medication he prescribed her, Metcalf accuses Ross that he very well could have been the cause of Margaret's death. Ross wishes to perform an an autopsy, but is denied by Metcalf here too.In the wake of Margaret's death, Ross is unsure what to do, when he is asked by the local school's coach to perform physicals on the school football team. After this, Ross watches the team practice for a game, when one of the students suddenly goes down. Unseen by the others, a spider had crawled into his helmet, and quickly scurried away when one of the teammates removed it from the non-moving player.This incident soon causes Ross to gain the unfriendly moniker of Dr Death by several of the townspeople.Ross attempts to focus on other things, and tries to finish a wine cellar in the basement, only to come across some bad wood. Suspecting termites, they call an exterminator named Delbert McClintock (John Goodman). After looking over the basement, he confirms that it's just the fact that they have bad wood in their house, and that they should replace it.Dr Metcalf is still of the persuasion that Ross is trouble, but is injured when a spider crawls into his slipper, and bites his toe! In his final moments, Metcalf has his wife call Ross, but the old man dies before Ross can get to him. It is thought that since Metcalf was exercising moments before his death, that the workout caused him to over-exert himself, but Ross and the coroner note a bite mark on Metcalf's big toe, along with his wife telling that her husband claimed he had been bitten by a spider. Ross then requests the coroner run a toxicology report on Metcalf, to properly determine cause of death.Ross soon after takes on the role of town physician. The coroner soon after calls with the results of Metcalf's findings, noting a small amount of an unidentified poison was found in his bloodstream. Ross then requests that the football player and Margaret's bodies be exhumed to be checked as well, and the coroner complies.Returning home, Ross finds his daughter going to spend the evening at a friend's home. However, Ross warns the girls to run if they see any spiders, prompting them to giggle at his silliness.Later that evening at the Briggs' place (where Ross' daughter is staying), the eldest daughter encounters a spider in the shower, and the father is almost bitten by one. They then after call Delbert out to check the home, but he finds nothing inside. Out on the porch, he sees a spider, and attempts to spray it with one of his special chemical treatments, but it still keeps moving. Finally, Delbert just steps on it.Meanwhile, given that Ross suspects spiders to be the culprit behind these deaths, he searches for an authority on them, and finds Dr Atherton. Though hoping Atherton will come himself to help, the Doctor claims he's too busy, and sends an assistant named Chris Collins (Brian McNamara) in his place. Chris examines the exhumed corpses, and on each one, a small bite mark is found!Eventually, Chris finds the situation dire enough to call in Atherton, who arrives just as the men have found a live specimen. Much like the spiders have no sexual organs, but do have several poison pouches on it. Testing it on a lab mouse, it dies in a matter of seconds, from a small dosage!As they discuss further what could be causing this, it soon comes to Atherton's attention, of the death of Jerry Manley. It is soon surmised that one of the spiders from Venezuela has mated with the local spiders, and has started its own colony in the town. However, unlike the confined area in Venezuela where those spiders were, the open area of the town presents no borders to keep them restrained.They then attempt to get ahold of the coroner, but find his phone off the hook. Going to his house, they find that he and his wife have died due to spiderbites (one had found its way into their bowl of popcorn and attacked them!).After the incident, the search is on to locate the nest. Using a map, the group finds out that the attacks have happened in a radiating pattern...with Ross' house right in the center!Atherton also notes strange webbing photos in Ross' office, and has the Sheriff take him to the family's barn. In the barn, he finds the webs, along with a number of dead animals. Atherton attempts to lure out and capture the alpha male, but instead, it lunges out and kills him!Ross and the others have gone to his house, where they attempt to get the others out. Sending Delbert to the barn, Ross and Chris go into his house, only to find a number of spiders coming out of the woodwork, to attack them! The family manages to get out, all except Ross, who ends up plummeting over the stairs, and through the rotted wood of the first floor, into the cellar.It is here, that he finds the nest, with its egg sac. The queen attempts to kill Ross, but he ends up flinging it into the electrical box, where it dies. However, the alpha has appeared, and attempts to kill Ross. The spider even survives being burned, and takes a flying leap at Ross, who impales it with a shot from a nail gun, sending the flaming spider into the nest, destroying it and its offspring.Ross manages to get out of the house, and with the alpha now destroyed,it's implied the other spiders will die out.In the end, we see Ross and his family having returned to San Francisco, and willing to return to the rat race of humanity, where they are sure nothing as crazy as their country adventure will happen.....that is, until a few earthquake tremors rattle their apartment.
tags: horror,  cult,  suspenseful,  action,  comedy, 

title: Orphan
synopsis: The movie opens at a hospital. Kate Coleman (Vera Farmiga) and her husband, Jon (Peter Sarsgaard) walk in and Kate is clearly pregnant and clearly in labor. While Jon registers at the front desk in the lobby, Kate is wheeled towards the delivery room, but a painful contraction hits and Kate sees she is bleeding heavily. The nurse pushes the wheelchair along as if nothing is happening, but the audience can see blood trailing behind the wheelchair. In the delivery room, Kate is in a lot of pain and asks where Jon is, but nobody will tell her anything. The doctor tells her to relax, but Kate knows something is wrong with her baby. The nurse tells her that the baby is stillborn but they have to deliver it anyway, Kate is in disbelief and tells them that the baby is alive. Before she has time to think, the doctor grabs his scalpel and begins to cut into Kate's stomach, Kate wants to be put to sleep but the doctor says there isn't time. Kate yells and screams as the doctor cuts into her, Jon walks into the room with a video camera and tells Kate that she is doing perfect. After a few seconds, a baby's cry is heard and the nurse hands her a stillborn baby covered in a bloody blanket. Kate screams in terror.Kate springs up in bed after her nightmare. Kate creeps out of bed, without waking Jon, and goes to the bathroom. For a moment, she stares at the large incision scar that goes from her bellybutton all the way to her abdomen. She pops an anti-depressant pill into her mouth and then crawls back into bed with Jon. The next morning, Kate goes to see Doctor Browning (Margo Martindale), her therapist. Kate says that perhaps the nightmares are happening because she and Jon are seeing children that same week, so they can adopt one. She also says that she passed by the liquor store on the way to the office, Doctor Browning asks if she went inside. Kate says she didn't, but she was extremely tempted. Doctor Browning says that she is able to resist that temptation, then she is most certainly able to hold her own as an adoptive mother.Kate goes straight from Doctor Browning's office, to a school for the deaf or hearing impaired. She is greeted by her and Jon's five-year-old daughter Max (Aryana Engineer). Max holds up a picture she drew and Kate says (in sign language, naturally), that it's very beautiful. As Kate is driving home with Max in her car seat, she spots a young man with his child walking together. Kate is so distracted that a large truck almost hits her. Back at home, Kate is playing the piano while something constantly keeps banging against the house. Finally having enough, Kate goes outside and sees Max attempting to shoot a basket. Kate tells her to stop, and Max says that she is sorry, but Kate apologizes and says she shouldn't have yelled. Seconds later, Jon pulls up in the driveway with his and Kate's son, Danny (Jimmy Bennett), who takes the ball from Max and shoots a hoop. Jon takes the ball from Danny and hands it to Max, and lifts her up to the hoop so she can get a basket. Kate tries to say hello to Danny, but he rushes past her to go and play.Later in the night, Kate goes to tuck Max into bed. Max removes her hearing aid, so everything goes silent for a while. Through sign language (and subtitles for us, the audience), Kate asks Max if she wants to read a bedtime story. Max grabs a book, but Kate doesn't seem too happy to read it, but Max begs her. The story is about Max and how happy she was that she was getting a baby sister, but then Baby Jessica died and went to Heaven. Max was happy that she was in Heaven, but wishes that she could've met her. After the story, Max asks if Baby Jessica is an angel. Kate says that is a beautiful angel. After kissing Max goodnight, Kate goes to the bedroom and goes to the bathroom to take her anti-depressant. She is startled when Jon suddenly appears from behind her. Kate and Jon crawl into bed, and Kate says that even though she isn't having second thoughts about adopting, she is excited and nervous. She hasn't felt this way since she thought they were going to bring Baby Jessica home. Jon says that they shouldn't adopt for his sake, Kate says they aren't and that she really wants to take the love she had for Jessica and share it.The next morning, Kate and Jon go to Saint Mariana's Orphanage For Girls. When Kate and Jon get out of the car, they are greeted by Sister Abigail (CCH Pounder) who thanks them for coming. As they walk inside, someone is watching them from a window. When Kate gets the feeling that they're being watched, she looks up to the window but sees nothing. Kate and Jon separate, Kate is shown the girls by Sister Abigail while Jon goes to use the bathroom. Kate and Sister Abigail watch the girls play and Sister Abigail says that adopting an older child isn't an easy decision to make, but Kate says they're ready. Sister Abigail asks where Jon is and Kate says that he is using the bathroom.Jon leaves the bathroom and goes to look for Kate, but stops when he hears the sound of a girl singing. He follows the singing and sees a young girl sitting alone in a room, painting. Jon begins to walk away, when the girl suddenly greets him. Jon steps into the room and the girl introduces herself as Esther (Isabelle Fuhrman), and Jon begins to look through her paintings. They are extraordinary, since Esther seems so young. Jon asks Esther about the painting she is working on, and Esther says that each of her paintings tell a story and that in her current painting, a mother lion is sad because she can't find her cubs. Jon asks why the mother lion is smiling, and Esther says that it's because she is dreaming of her cubs. Jon hopes that she finds them, and Esther says she will and begins to paint in the lion cubs. Kate and Sister Abigail walk in, and Jon introduces Kate to Esther. Esther talks to Jon and Kate, and soon the couple agrees that Esther is the one that they want to adopt. They speak to Sister Abigail in her office, and she mentions that Esther is a rather mature nine-year-old and says that she is very smart and very polite as well. She also mentions that Esther is like a princess, because she wears ribbons around her neck and wrists at all time. Sister Abigail says she will file the paperwork as soon as possible.Jon and Kate take Esther home, and Max rushes out to greet them. Esther uses sign language to greet her, and Max takes an instant liking to her new sister. However, when Danny isn't fond of her. He even asks Jon, rather loudly, why Esther is dressed so differently and Jon quickly shushes him. Esther is thrilled when she sees that they have a piano, and Kate offers to teach her to play and Esther accepts instantly. Jon, Kate, and Max show Esther her bedroom and Esther says that it's perfect and she loves it. Esther is also introduced to Barbara (Rosemary Dunsmore), who is Jon's mother and Esther's new grandmother. A few days later, a celebration is being held in honor of Esther's adoption and this includes presents and cake. Almost like a birthday party. Danny doesn't seem eager to join the family's celebration, and instead plays Guitar Hero with his friend, Tyler. As Danny comes close to winning a game, he asks Jon to look but Jon is far too interested in Esther unwrapping his present, which just happens to be a large easel and paint supplies. Esther gives Jon a huge hug and smiles at Danny from over his shoulder. Danny tells Tyler that the game is getting boring, and he leaves. Tyler and Danny's other friend follow him out into the woods near the house. They go to Danny's tree house, and Danny lifts an old board to reveal hidden Playboy type magazines.Kate is in the kitchen, putting away the cake and speaking with Barbara about what she plans to do. Kate says that she'll get Esther settled and then begin to teach again; Barbara reminds her that she said she wouldn't go back to that job. Kate assures her mother-in-law and says that she isn't going back to Yale, but plans to give piano lessons to kids from the house. Barbara doesn't think it's a good idea but Kate says that she just wants some clarity which Barbara knows someone at an AA meeting suggested she needs. Barbara leaves the kitchen and Kate goes back to doing the dishes. Kate looks out of the window and sees Esther pulling Max on a sled over an icy pond. She rushes outside and yells for Esther and Max to get off of the ice and scolds them for playing in such a dangerous area. The next morning, Kate is sending Max and Danny off to school and calls Esther downstairs. Esther comes downstairs wearing a rather old-fashioned dress, which causes Max and Danny to laugh a little bit. Kate sends them to the bus and tells Esther that she should probably change before she goes to school, but Esther says that she likes to wear dresses. Kate gives in and allows Esther to wear the dress to school.The kids arrive at school and the teacher introduces Esther to her class. A girl named Brenda (Jamie Young) teases Esther. Esther says nothing, only stares coldly and walks calmly to her seat. Later that night, Kate runs a bath for Esther. Kate goes to do laundry, but hears Esther lock the door and immediately goes to check if she is all right. Esther unlocks the door and Kate warns that they do not lock doors in the house, but Esther says she was afraid that someone would walk in and see her. Kate assures her that no one will walk in and says she won't even go downstairs until she is done. Esther says she will sing for her because she use to sing to the nuns at the orphanage so that they would know she was all right when she was taking a bath. Kate says okay and goes to finish the laundry. As Kate is putting away Esther's clothes and listening to her sing, she finds that one of Esther's drawers is stuck. After some tugging and pulling, Kate discovers an old bible with a photo of a man inside of it. Kate accidentally drops the Bible and Esther's singing goes quiet, but starts back up after a minute. Kate shoves the Bible back in its hiding spot and continues about the laundry. As she goes down the hall to Max's room, Esther opens the bathroom door and looks coldly out. Obvious, she knew what Kate was up to.In the woods, Danny is shooting paintballs and seems to be enjoying it. Soon, a bird lands on the target and Danny shoots it on purpose. He becomes upset when the bird doesn't move and rushes to see if it's all right. It isn't dead, but it's barely alive and seems to be in pain as the wing is probably broken. Esther and Max suddenly show up and Esther asks what happened, Danny is sobbing and says he didn't think the paintball would hurt the bird. Esther picks up a large brick and asks Danny to put it out of its misery, but Danny refuses. After awhile, Esther takes the brick and beats the bird to death and then throws the brick aside. Danny runs off, horrified by Esther's actions. Esther takes Max's hand and walks away from the dead bird and the blood-covered brick. The next day at school, Esther is passing down the hall at the same time as Danny and Tyler. Tyler comments that Danny's sister is a total spaz, but Danny says that she isn't his sister and purposely knocks a book out of Esther's hands. As Esther kneels to pick up the book, Brenda comes along and picks it up for her. When Brenda sees that the book is a Bible, she holds it up and calls Esther a Jesus-Freak. Esther tries to take the Bible from Brenda, but it soon falls to the floor and the pages scatter everywhere. Esther panics and rushes to pick them up, while a group gathers and begins to laugh at her. Brenda reaches to pull off the ribbon around Esther's neck, but becomes startled when Esther screams and kicks until everyone is silent. Danny is extremely weirded out as Esther continues screaming as though she were possessed.The same day, Kate is giving Esther a piano lesson and Esther castigates herself because she made eleven mistakes. Kate wants to talk about what happened at school, but Esther says that there isn't anything to talk about and leaves. The next day, Jon is with Max and Esther at the park, pushing Max on the swings. Joyce Patterson, the Coleman's next door neighbor, arrives in risqué clothing. Esther listens in on her conservation with Jon, but suddenly becomes distracted when she sees Brenda walking across the playground. After Joyce leaves, Jon becomes a bit nervous and goes to smoke a cigarette while Esther and Max begin to roam the playground. Brenda is nervous as she makes her way towards the slide. She then gets the feeling that she is being followed. As she looks down the slide, Esther comes from behind her and pushes her off. Brenda is in a great deal of pain, as her foot seems to be pulled back. Esther walks away but realizes Max has seen everything so she tells Max that if they want to stay together then she cannot tell anyone what happened. At supper, Jon and Kate are asking Esther about what happened but she says that she and Brenda were playing and she accidentally fell. Kate asks Max if she saw what happened, and Max says that Brenda simply slipped. Max signs something to Danny, but he can't understand her and asks Kate what she said. Esther interrupts and tells him that Max asked for him to pass the bread and butter. Danny says that he wasn't asking her and Esther simply shrugs and begins to cut her steak, and Danny tells her to eat normally and Esther says she is eating normally. Danny asks if that is the way she eats in Transylvania, to which Esther says she is from Russia and Transylvania is in Romania. Danny goes further and says if she was taught that at the school for retards. Jon orders Danny to apologize to his sister, Danny has reached his breaking point and says: She is not my f*cking sister! and rushes from the table.As punishment for his outburst, Jon locks up Danny's tree house and says he will unlock it when Danny apologizes to Esther. A few days later, Sister Abigail comes for a visit after being informed of Brenda's accident. As Kate and Jon speak with Sister Abigail about the accident, Esther panics and goes to Max's room and tells her that a mean lady is coming to take her away and asks Max for help, and Max agrees. They sneak into Jon's office and begin to search around for the keys to the padlock to the tree house; Max finds some keys and hands them off to Esther. Esther uses the keys to unlock Jon's safe, where she finds a gun, partially loads it and points it directly at Max's forehead and asks Max if she wants to play. Max, clearly frightened, shakes her head and Esther lowers the gun. Max and Esther rush to the bridge that isn't far from the house and they know Sister Abigail's car will pass it. Esther tells Max to stand in front of Sister Abigail's car and wave her hands to get her to stop, but Max is nervous. As Sister Abigail comes driving along, Max is frozen with fear and refuses to move. Having enough, Esther pushes Max onto the road and Sister Abigail slams on the brakes and her car swerves off the road. Sister Abigail climbs out of her car and rushes to a hysterical Max. Sister Abigail asks Max if she is okay, but a shadow looms over her and Sister Abigail looks up, just as Esther beats on her head with a hammer. Sister Abigail is bleeding and unconscious, but Esther knows she will probably wake up soon. She pulls Max to her feet and tells her to stop crying. Esther forces Max to help her move Sister Abigail's body before another car comes along. They push her body down a hill, but Sister Abigail regains conscious and tries to climb back up. Esther grabs the hammer and beats Sister Abigail until she is pretty bloody and definitely dead. Esther takes a traumatized Max up to the tree house and removes her bloody gloves and dress, but Max is still crying. Esther says that if she is caught for the murder, then Max will go to jail with her and tells Max that she won't tell on her if she doesn't tell on Esther. Max agrees and Esther comforts her.As the two are climbing down from the tree house, Danny watches from afar and Esther spots him but walks away anyway. As Danny sleeps, he is startled awake when Esther holds a box cutter blade to his throat and asks him what he saw. He says that he only saw her and Max coming down from the tree house, and Esther says that if he tells anyone than she will castrate him. Danny, clearly upset, accidentally wets himself. She releases Danny and leaves the room calmly. The next day, Kate is dropping Esther and Danny off at their school, and Max at the deaf school. When Esther leaves the car, Kate asks Max and Danny if Esther has done anything to hurt them. Terrified of Esther, they both say no and Danny hops out of the car. As Danny walks up the steps, his bookbag spills but he doesn't notice. Kate leaves Max in the car and goes to hand it back, and is confused because the bookbag was new. As Kate helps Danny, Esther releases the brake and sets the car in neutral. The car rolls down a hill, and Danny quickly warns Kate since Max is still in the car. Kate chases the car and people try to stop it, but it does no good. Finally, the car hits a huge pile of snow, which causes it to stop suddenly. Kate rushes towards the car and quickly pulls Max out, who is thankfully unharmed.That night, Kate and Jon argue about what happened. Kate swears she had set the parking brake, but Jon is still in a bit of disbelief. Jon finally gives in and he and Kate take Esther to Doctor Browning. But things take a bizarre turn when Doctor Browning says that Kate is the one at fault and not Esther. Kate is further frustrated when Jon doesn't even back her up and just remains quiet the entire session, further estranging the couple. The next morning, Jon goes to wake Esther and get her ready for an appointment at the dentist, and Esther startles him by leaping out from underneath the covers. She says that she doesn't want to go to the dentist, and Jon instantly gives into her demand as long as they reschedule and she goes to his office to draw with him (Jon is an architect). In Jon's office, Jon is working while Esther is painting. Esther says that she has waited a long time for a father like Jon, and Jon asks if she waited for a Mother like Kate. Esther pauses and expresses that she feels that Kate doesn't love her, but Jon says that it isn't true that she is just having a hard time getting close to her. He suggests that perhaps she should do something nice for her. Esther agrees. As Kate is in the kitchen, Esther comes and says that she has a surprise for her. She holds out a bundle of white roses that Kate recognizes instantly. They were the roses from Baby Jessica's dedication garden. Kate snaps and grabs Esther by the arm, and Esther lets out a scream. Jon hears the commotion and Esther runs off sobbing, while Jon comforts Kate who is weeping openly as she crumples on the floor and looks down at the roses. While Kate is in the greenhouse, still upset about the orchid, Esther sneaks into the tool shed and grabs a screwdriver. She wraps it in a rag and places it in her mouth, and then places her arm inside of a vice. She tightens the vice until her arm breaks and then goes to bed and cries for Jon that her arm still hurts from where Kate grabbed her. Horrified by the bruises on Esther's arm, Jon takes her to the doctor.Kate goes up to her bedroom and sees Esther laying in her and Jon's bed, and being comforted by Jon. Jon tells Kate that she broke her arm, but Kate argues that she didn't really grab Esther that hard. Jon says that it would be best for Kate to sleep downstairs. Kate contemplates drinking but decides not to after seeing the pond that almost cost Max her life. She pours the wine down the sink and sleeps downstairs. A few days later, Doctor Browning is called to the house and Kate still defends herself and says that she didn't hurt Esther at all. At that moment, Jon places two wine bottles out on the table. He tells Kate that Esther found them, which simply infuriates Kate but Jon can't help but ask if Kate is beginning to drink again. Doctor Browning is wondering the same thing as well. Kate defends herself again and says that she thought about drinking the wine but poured it down the sink, along with one of the bottles. Jon asks why she has the other bottle then, and he and Kate argue. Finally, Jon drops the bombshell: If Kate doesn't go into rehab, and then he will divorce her and take the kids with him. At the top of the stairs, Max listens in and Esther comes really close to her and whispers that she will shoot Kate if she tells. The next day, Danny sneaks to Max's room and asks her if she knows anything about Esther and Max confesses by showing Danny the pictures of Brenda's accident, Sister Abigail's death, and the car accident. Max also tells him that the hammer and Esther's bloody clothes are up in the tree house, Danny tells Max that once they get the hammer that Jon and Kate will believe them and Esther will be locked away. Unfortunately, Esther overhears the entire thing.The next day, Danny sneaks up to his tree house and searches for the hammer and clothes but can't find them. Esther suddenly appears and throws the hammer and the clothes to the floor. She tells him that Max will be arrested to for helping her, but Danny says that Max was forced to do it. Esther pours lighter fluid over the evidence and lights a match, setting the evidence and the tree house on fire. She escapes and locks the tree house up with Danny still inside it, and simply watches with a smile as Danny screams for Kate. Danny crawls out a window, but it's too late and the tree house crumbles and Danny is rendered unconscious and completely broken, but miraculously alive. As Esther lifts a rock to finish him off, Max pops out of nowhere and pushes Esther before she can do anything, and Kate arrives just in time. At the hospital, the family waits for word on Danny's condition. A doctor comes and says that Danny is alive and in stable condition, Kate asks if he will remember anything and the doctor says they'll have to wait awhile before they know. Kate and Jon walk away for a while and Kate says that either Esther or Danny started the fire, and Jon says that he doesn't know which one did it. Kate is frustrated by Jon but gives in and says she'll go to rehab only if Esther leaves the house at the same time. Esther asks Barbara for a dollar for the soda machine and then walks out of the waiting room, with no intention of getting a simple drink. She sneaks into Danny's room, removes the heart monitor from his finger (and puts it on her own so no one will know there is a problem) and tries to suffocate him with a pillow. Max, getting the feeling that Esther is up to something, goes to get Kate. Meanwhile, Esther, thinking she has killed Danny, puts the monitor back on his finger and alarms go off. The doctors rush down the hall to Danny's room. He has flatlined. Kate and Jon panic, but breathe a sigh of relief when Danny has a pulse and is stabilized again. Kate freaks out and knows Esther did something, She screams at Esther, calls her a bitch, and then slaps her hard. Orderlies sedate Kate while Jon comforts Esther and watches sadly as his wife drifts to sleep. When Kate wakes up, she is groggy but sees Jon is with her, she asks if Danny is okay and Jon says that they are running some tests and he should be home in a few days. He also says that he is taking Esther and Max back to the house, Kate makes him promise that Esther will get nowhere near Max. Jon says nothing and leaves the room to take the girls home.As Jon is tucking Max in, Esther comes into the room and Max becomes frightened. Esther wishes her sweet dreams and kisses her forehead, stealing her hearing aid. Jon finishes putting Max to bed and Esther walks away, Max soon falls asleep and Jon leaves the room. Jon, clearly upset by all that has happened, finds the wine and pours quite a few glasses. Suddenly, Esther comes downstairs wearing tons of makeup and a revealing dress, but Jon is so drunk that instead of getting angry, he sobs openly and tells Esther that he is scared for Danny. Esther assures him that he is a wonderful husband and father, and also tells him that she loves him. When Esther comes onto him, Jon comes back to reality and yells at her to go to her room. Esther runs to her room, sobbing hysterically as the makeup streams down her face. Meanwhile, Kate is resting in the hospital when she gets a call on her cell phone. It is Doctor Varava from the Saarne Institute in Estonia, he says he received the picture of Esther and asks where she is. (The Saarne Institute isn't an orphanage. It's a mental institution.) Kate says that she is at the house with her husband. Doctor Varava warns Kate to call the police and get her family out of the house; Kate says that Jon won't believe her. He then tells Kate to tell Jon that Esther is not nine-years-old. She is a grown woman, named Leena Klammer, and is actually 33 years old; she as one of their most violent patients, who disappeared some time ago. Kate is in disbelief and Doctor Varava says that the scars on her neck and wrists from her straitjacket. Kate realizes why Esther wears the ribbons around her neck and wrists: to cover the scars . The scene cuts to Esther, who now looks horrible. She has wiped off all her makeup, removes her fake teeth, and the ribbons from her neck and wrists. She now looks more like a hag than an innocent child. Jon goes on the search for Esther in her room but finds she isn't there, but he does discover something. In the black light of the aquarium he sees Esther's paintings for what they really are: images of violence and sex. Jon is mortified but continues on the search, just as the lights go out. He goes downstairs to the electric panel and is stabbed by Esther, but is still alive. Esther stabs him repeatedly, then looks at the top of the stairs and sees that Max has witnessed the whole thing.Max runs off and hides, Esther grabs Jon's gun from the safe and goes on the search for Max. Thankfully, Kate has escaped from the hospital and races to the house. The road is so slick though, that when Kate arrives she crashes through the house and alerts Esther who is upstairs searching for Max. Kate discovers Jon and breaks down, but her concern lies with Max. Esther finds Kate and shoots her in the shoulder, but Kate is okay and continues the search for Max. We see that Max is in the greenhouse and hiding behind the plants, she is relieved when she sees Kate on the roof of the greenhouse but Kate tells her to be quiet because Esther is there. Just as Esther is about to discover Max, Kate screams and Esther shoots at her. The roof is made of glass, so the bullet shatters it and Kate comes crashing down on top of Esther. Max waits anxiously before Kate regains conscious and grabs Max and runs. Kate takes Max down to the pond and comforts her, just as she sees police cars pull up to the house to arrest Esther. When the police enter the house, they search the entire household but when they come to the greenhouse, Esther is gone. At the pond, Kate is continuing to comfort Max when Esther suddenly lunges at her with a knife. Kate and Esther wrestle each other down a hill and right onto the pond, with Max watching on in terror. The gun flies out of Esther's hand as she and Kate wrestle, landing only a few yards away from Max. Esther slashes Kate's other shoulder with the knife, but Kate kicks her off before she can stab her. Max grabs the gun and holds it up, being only four and not knowing how to fire; Max aims and shoots the ice instead of Esther. The ice cracks and breaks, and both Esther and Kate fall into the freezing waters. They both fight under water before Kate kicks Esther and resurfaces. As Kate is climbing out of the water, Esther pops up and grabs onto Kate's legs, the knife hidden behind her back. Esther says, Please don't let me die, Mommy. Kate finally loses it and yells I'm not your f*cking Mommy! and kicks Esther hard, breaking her neck. Esther sinks back down and Kate escapes with Max.
tags: psychological,  murder,  horror,  good versus evil,  insanity,  suspenseful, 

title: Profondo rosso
synopsis: In the opening shot, while a child's song is playing in the background, a scream is heard, a unknown bloody knife is thrown to the floor, and a youngsters feet stand by the knife.Marcus Daly (David Hemmings) a British jazz pianist is conducting some music and tells the musicions that the music must be more perfect.At the same time, Helga Ulmann (Macha Meril) is at a lecture with Professor Giordani (Glauco Mauri) and Mario Bardi. During the presentation, Helga reacts violently to a premonition of a twisted mind and she says you have killed, and you will kill again! Helga also mentions a singing child. Someone in the audience gets up a leaves. Later, Helga tells Giordani that she may know who the killer is and that she will write it down and tell him tomorrow.At Helga's apartment, she is on the phone with her German publisher when she hangs up after hearing a children's song being played in the background. A minute later, the front doorbell rings. Helga gets up to answer it when she has a bad psychic vibe and backs away from the door. Just then the door bursts open and the killer (unseen except for wearing a brown raincoat and black leather gloves) bursts in and attacks her with a meat cleaver, stabbing her several times. Leaving her for dead, the killer then takes Helga's notes and begins to look through her papers while Helga tries crawling away.Down in the square below Helga's apartment, Marcus is talking with his constantly inebriated friend Carlo (Gabriele Lavia). Shorly after Carlo leaves, Marcus looks up and sees a bloody Helga crash through her apartment window. Marcus runs up to Helga's apartment, helps her dead body out of the broken window, and sees a person in a brown raincoat running away through the square. A little later, the police arrive and question Marcus about witnessing the killing. Marcus feels that something from the apartment is missing but cannot put his finger on what it is. Just then Gianna Brezzi (Daria Nicolodi) a fiesty photojournalist, enters the apartment, but is told to stay away by the lead detective. After his interogation, Marcus speaks with a drunk Carlo again in the square where he thinks he remembers a paint when initially entering Helga's apartment, but later was not able to locate it.At Helga's funeral, Gianna suggests that she and Marcus work together to find the killer on their own. Marcus sarcasticly thanks her for printing his name in the local newspaper and declaring him a witness which would make it easier for the killer to come after him. After discussing Helga's premonition with Giordani and Mario, and seeing Carlo to talk about the mysterious missing painting, Marcus goes to his aparment to compose some music. He soon hears the children's song, followed by the sounds of his door creaking open. As the phone rings, Marcus jumps up and pulls the door to his room shut, just when the unseen killer attacks. The killer leaves and whispers threats to him before leaving.The next day, Marcus goes to a record store and after going through albums of children's music, finds the song he heard. Mario tells him a folktake involving a haunted house in which a singing child is heard, followed by the shreiking of someone being murdered.In investigating the source of the music tune, the search leads Marcus to a novel which was written by a cerain Amanda Righetti (Giuliana Calandra), titled 'House of the Screaming Child' which describes a long-ago murder. In attempting to find Amanda Righetti to talk to her about her book, the unseen killer arrives at Righetti's villa first and murders her. The female author is stabbed in the spine, then dragged into a bathroom and drowned in a bath filled with scaldingly hot water. But Righetti manages to write a message on the wall of the steam-filled bathroom before expiring. Marcus finds the body, but aware that the police will think he did it, leaves the area without calling anyone.Marcus removes a photo of the supposed haunted house from the novel to help him in his search for the mysterious house. The photograph shows some exotic palm trees on the house grounds. Marcus tracks down the greenhouse owner who admits to selling a dozen or more Canary Island palms to that house, and procures the house's address from past records. Driving around, Marcus finally locates the house and learns from the caretaker who claims that no one have lived in the house before 1963 when the previous owner was killed. Marcus looks around and discovers a children's drawing on a wall long plastered over of a little boy holding a unknown bloody knife next to a murdered man.Meanwhile, Giordani investigates the Righetti murder scene after the police collect the body and leave, and on a hunch, turns on the hot water in the bathroom and sees part of the message left on the wall by murder victim. When Giordani returns to his office that night to investigate more, the unseen killer breaks in and kills him too - first by bashing his face against his desk, and then stabbing him through the neck.When Marcus learns of Giordani's murder, he makes plans to leave town but then discovers the clue that he overlooked in the photo of the deserted house: a window on one of the walls is missing. Marcus returns to the house after dark and after unsuccessfully trying to bash in the wall where the window was, which leads to him nearly falling off the scaffolding, he enters the house and using a pickaxe, bashes down an end-wall in a hallway and discovers the secret room with a rotting skeleton next to a Christmas tree. But the unseen killer arrives and knocks Marcus out. When he regains consciousness, he finds the house on fire, and Gianna by his side who arrived in the nick of time to pull him out of the house.Marcus and Gianna go to the villa caretaker's house to call the police and fire department when Marcus discovers that the caretaker's young daughter, Olga, had drew an identical drawing of the little boy with a bloody knife standing next to a Christmas tree with the murder victim. Olga tells them that she found the drawing and copied it from old file archives at her junior high school. Marcus and Gianna break into the Da Vinci Junior High School to search the archives for the drawing, when Gianna is stabbed by the killer and Marcus finds the painting, with the name on it which is Carlo, who appears before Marcus holding a gun and threatening to kill him for getting too close. Just then, the police led by the superintendent Calcabrini arrive and Carlo flees, but in a twist of fate, he gets sideswiped by a passing garbage truck which he gets hooked onto the fender and gets dragged down the street to his gruesome death.With the case apparently wrapped up with Carlo being the killer, Marcus drops off the severely wounded Gianna at the hospital, but in going back to the scene of the crime, tries to remember what he thought he saw. Carlo could not have murdered Helga Ulmann because he was with Marcus on the street when they saw the killer stabbing Ulmann. Marcus enters the murder victim's apartment and, after looking around, finally remembers what he saw in a mirror reflection that night: the face of the killer.The identity of the killer is finally revealed to be Carlo's insane mother Martha (Clara Calamai). Martha suddenly appears in the apartment and reveals everything to Marcus; when Carlo was still a child, he watched as his mother murdered his father when he tried to have her committed to a mental hospital. The young Carlo and mother then entombed the body in a room of their house.Wielding a meat cleaver, Martha chases Marcus around the complex and into the foyer with an elevator. Marcus gets hit in the shoulder by the cleaver, and, in the process, he kicks Martha toward the elevator shaft. Her excessively long necklace slips in through the crossed metal bars. She tries to pull herself away and, in doing so, the large pendant on the end of the necklace becomes lodged between two small metal bars. As Martha is desperately trying free her necklace, Marcus Daly realizes she is caught and presses the button to activate the lift. It travels downward and the necklace starts choking her tightly. Her hands are clad in black leather gloves, making her fingers much too thick to slip in-between her neck and the necklace to try and save herself before it's too late. The elevator provides so much force that the necklace ends up cutting through her neck, decapitating her... creating a huge 'deep red' bloodstain all over the marble floor.
tags: psychological,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  cult,  horror,  violence,  atmospheric,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  humor,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Halloween
synopsis: The film opens with a brief opening title/credits sequence showing a Jack-o-Lantern accompanied by John Carpenter's famous theme music. The shot slowly moves closer and closer. Once it stops, the lighting quickly changes to reveal that the eye and nose form the shape of a man holding a knife.The film begins on October 31, 1963, a cold Halloween night in Haddonfield, Illinois. In the middle of a street stands a two-story white Victorian house. Someone begins walking toward it, and sees a 17-year-old Judith Margaret Myers (Sandy Johnson) through the front door, kissing her boyfriend (David Kyle) passionately. As they move towards the couch in the living room, the person outside follows them around the side of the house and watches through the window. The boyfriend asks Judith if they are alone and she replies that someone by the name of Michael is around someplace. Her boyfriend puts on a clown mask jokingly and kisses her. She laughs and tells him to take it off and he suggests that they go upstairs to have sex. They run up the staircase as the person outside the house follows them back around to the front. The Shape sees the light in the upstairs window go out and begins swiftly walking back to the side of the house through the kitchen door. Quickly, the Shape opens a drawer and grabs a very sharp knife. It begins slowly creeping through the dining and living rooms and reaches the bottom of the staircase. There, Judith's boyfriend is putting his shirt back on and leaving the house. Judith calls down the staircase for him to call her the next day. He takes one last look upward and quietly leaves. As soon as this happens, the shape begins walking up the stairs into the dark hallway. Looking down, it sees the clown mask on the floor. The Shape picks it up and pulls it over its face. Entering Judith's bedroom, it sees her sitting in front of her mirror, nude except for a pair of panties, brushing her hair. She has her back to the shape and is unaware that it is standing there. The Shape walks up behind her and she finally feels its presence. Swirling around, she sees that it is Michael (Will Sandin), the person previously referenced, and is annoyed, quickly covering her breasts. But suddenly, Michael raises the knife and begins stabbing her repeatedly in various areas of her body. After a few seconds, she falls to the ground, covered in blood. Swiftly, the shape walks out of the bedroom, down the stairs, and out the front door into the yard as a car pulls into the driveway. They are Mr. and Mrs. Myers, Judtih's parents. Seeing Michael, they pull off his clown mask, revealing the face of a young 6-year-old boy staring into space with a blank expression, still clutching the knife in one hand.On October 30, 1978, nearly 15 years later, in Smith's Grove, Illinois, a doctor by the name of Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) and his assistant, a nurse named Marion Chambers (Nancy Stephens), are driving to the local sanitarium to have Michael Myers, now 21 years old and still very dangerous, taken to a hearing in front of a judge, where his future incarceration will be determined. In the car is a matchbook with an advertisement for the Rabbit in Red Lounge. As Marion quietly smokes a cigarette, she questions Dr. Loomis's desire to do this when suddenly, they see that several mental patients are lurking around the entrance to the sanitarium. Dr. Loomis rushes out of the car into the rain to see what is going on just as a patient leaps on top of the car. It is Michael Myers (now played by Nick Castle). Marion rolls down the window to see what he is doing up there and his hand reaches through the window and grabs Marion's hair, causing the car to swerve off the road. He and Marion struggle for a moment until she pulls away and moves toward the other side of the car. Instantly, Michael's hand appears at the window behind her and shatters it. Marion, startled, opens the car door and jumps out. Michael climbs in and drives away. Dr. Loomis runs over to Marion and consoles her, telling her that the evil is gone.The next day, on Halloween in Haddonfield, a young girl of about 17-years-old named Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) is leaving her house to walk to school. On her way out, her father Morgan Strode (Peter Griffith), a real estate agent, tells her not to forget to drop a key off at the old abandoned Myers house because a family is coming by to look at it later. As Laurie continues down the streets, an 8-year-old boy, Tommy Doyle (Brian Andrews), walks up to her. Laurie is babysitting him that night. As they walk together, the Myers house comes into view. Tommy tells Laurie not to go up there because something bad happened there once. As she drops the key under the mat, someone appears inside and looks through the front door at her. Laurie leaves and continues walking with Tommy, who says he received the information about the house being haunted from Lonnie Elamb (Brent Le Page), whom Laurie says will probably never get out of the sixth grade. Tommy leaves soon after this, and Laurie walks on, singing to herself, when suddenly, the Shape from inside the Myers house appears right behind, staring after her.Meanwhile, back in Smith's Grove, Dr. Loomis is debating with another doctor, Terence Wynn (Robert Phalen), about whether or not Michael has returned to his hometown in Haddonfield. Dr. Wynn doesn't think Michael could drive to Haddonfield and blames Dr. Loomis for not warning the staff about the potential for Michael's outburst. Dr. Loomis angrily gets in his car and drives away.Later that day, Laurie sits in English class at Haddonfield High School when she sees the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car parked on the street outside the window. Michael stands beside it, in a greyish-white mask, watching her. Laurie is frightened and continues to look back, when suddenly, the teacher calls on her to answer a question, startling her. Laurie responds to the question, and when she looks back through the window, Michael and the car have disappeared.Meanwhile, at the Haddonfield Elementary School, the bell rings, and children begin running out of the building. Tommy is leaving school carrying a large pumpkin, followed by several bullies who are taunting him about how the boogeyman is coming to get him that night. Tommy is confused, not knowing about the boogeyman, but is also frightened. He begins to run away, but he trips and falls, squashing the pumpkin. The bullies laugh and run out through the playground gate, when instantly, Michael jumps out and grabs one of them. Terrified, the bully scurries away. Michael climbs back into the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car and begins to drive alongside Tommy, who is walking down the sidewalk sadly. Michael then drives off.On the highway somewhere between Smith's Grove and Haddonfield, Dr. Loomis stands at a telephone booth, speaking with someone from the Haddonfield police department, who seems resistant to the idea that Michael could be coming to Haddonfield. Dr. Loomis, frustrated again, hangs up the phone. But before he can drive away, he notices a tow truck parked nearby in a grassy area. Inside, he finds Michael's white hospital gown and the Rabbit in Red Lounge matchbook. Now Dr. Loomis is sure that Michael is in Haddonfield and rushes back to his car, not noticing the unclothed body of the tow truck driver (Barry Bernardi) lying in the nearby grass.Meanwhile, the students are being released at Haddonfield High School. Laurie is walking home with her friend Lynda van der Klok (P. J. Soles), who's complaining about how many school activities she will have to be involved with in the next day, being such a popular and beautiful girl. Laurie, however, seems to be a quiet bookworm who has nothing to do except babysit. As they walk along, another young girl named Annie Brackett (Nancy Loomis) finds them. Annie and Laurie talk about their babysitting assignments for that night; Laurie is babysitting Tommy, and Annie is babysitting Lindsey Wallace (Kyle Richards), who lives across the street a few houses away. While they are talking, the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car goes speeding down the street. Annie yells down the street at the driver that speed kills and, suddenly, the car stops but instantly speeds back up and leaves again. Forgetting this matter and not realizing that they had a close encounter with Michael, Annie and Lynda share a cigarette and begin devising a plan to get Lynda and her boyfriend, Bob, together at the Wallace house where Annie is babysitting to have sex.Laurie and Annie continue on, when suddenly, Laurie sees Michael hiding behind a bush ahead of them. Annie doesn't see him, and when she rushes over to the bush, there is nobody there. Annie thinks that Laurie is seeing men behind bushes because she is desperate for a date. Annie reaches home, leaving Laurie behind, who still thinks that there was someone behind that bush. Looking behind her, she accidentally runs into Mr. Brackett (Charles Cyphers), Annie's father and the sheriff of Haddonfield. Laurie is startled, and Brackett , the local sheriff, replies that it is Halloween and everyone is entitled to one good scare. Laurie laughs and walks back towards her house. Walking into her bedroom, she looks out of the window and sees Michael standing in her neighbor's back yard, staring up at her from between two rows of clothes hanging on a line. One second he is there, the next second he is gone. Suddenly, the phone rings, and Laurie runs over to it. When no one answers and she only hears the sound of chewing, she hangs up, terrified. The phone rings once again and it is Annie on the other end. She asks why Laurie hung up on her and she replies that she thought it was an obscene phone call. Annie says that she had her mouth full and couldn't speak, telling Laurie that she will be picking her up for their babysitting assignments at 6:30 pm. Laurie hangs up and lies on her bed, trying to console herself. Later that day, Annie picks Laurie up at her house to go babysitting, and they drive around for a while smoking a marijuana cigarette.Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis arrives at the Haddonfield Cemetery with the graveyard keeper (Arthur Malet), apparently with the intent to visit Judith's grave. They discover that Judith's headstone is now missing; Dr. Loomis knows now there can be no doubt that Michael is somewhere in Haddonfield.Back in Annie's car, the girls smoke marijuana and talk. Laurie tells Annie about seeing someone in her neighbor's back yard, while behind them Michael, still driving the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car, slowly cruises down the road, stalking them. Laurie begins to cough after smoking the marijuana when suddenly, they spot Mr. Brackett in front of a store in the distance and Annie orders Laurie to get rid of the joint. They pull into the parking lot and speak with Mr. Brackett, who says that someone--probably kids--broke into the store and stole a few masks, ropes, and knives. Annie replies that he blames everything on kids and that he is a cynical father. Mr. Brackett dismisses them because they will be late, and they leave down the street toward their baby-sitting assignments. After they leave, Dr. Loomis pulls up to the store and asks to speak with Mr. Brackett, who says it will be about ten minutes. Dr. Loomis stands waiting on the sidewalk as the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car passes right behind him.In Annie's car, Laurie is worried that Mr. Brackett knew that they were smoking pot, and Annie thinks there is nothing to worry about. They begin discussing next day's school dance, and Laurie reveals to Annie that she has a crush on a boy named Ben Tramer. Soon after this, they arrive at their destinations. Annie drops Laurie off at the Doyle house and pulls into the driveway of the Wallace house. As she walks into the house, the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car pulls up along the curve. Michael gets out the car and hides behind a tree in the Wallace yard, watching Annie.Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis and Mr. Brackett arrive at the abandoned Myers house. They begin to search inside, when they find a partially eaten dog (off-camera). Mr. Brackett says a man couldn't eat a dog like that, and Dr. Loomis replies that this isn't a man. The two of them walk upstairs, and Dr. Loomis shows Mr. Brackett the bedroom where Judith was murdered. Suddenly, a downspout falls away from the building and breaks the window near them, startling Dr. Loomis, who draws his gun. He begins describing his 15-year experience of watching Michael, seeing nothing but pure evil inside him. Mr. Brackett asks what they should do, and Dr. Loomis tells him to inform the rest of the police, just to ask them to keep their mouths shut. Dr. Loomis decides to stay behind and wait for Michael because he thinks he will return to the Myers house.At the Doyle house, Laurie sits, reading King Arthur to Tommy. Tommy becomes bored and says that he doesn't like that book and reveals several comic books that he has been hiding in the couch, saying that his mom doesn't want him to read them. Soon after this, Tommy asks Laurie what the boogeyman is, but suddenly, the phone rings before she can reply. It is Annie, calling from the Wallace house. She tells Laurie that she just spoke with Ben Tramer and told him that Laurie was really attracted to him. Laurie becomes angry and embarrassed, and begs Annie to say that she didn't talk to him. Right at this moment, Tommy looks out the window and sees The Shape standing next to the Wallace house, a black silhouette. He screams for Laurie that the boogeyman is outside, but when Laurie looks out the window, no one is there, and she continues her conversation on the phone.At this time, Michael has reached the back of the house near the kitchen door. Inside, Annie is in the kitchen making popcorn, not noticing Michael. She complains about Lester, Lindsey's dog, bothering her with his barking. Suddenly, Annie accidentally pours the butter all over her shirt and pants, and removes them while Michael continues to watch. Annie finds a small button-up shirt and puts it on, wearing nothing else other than panties. At this moment, Michael accidentally knocks a hanging plant to the ground, shattering it and drawing Annie's attention to the kitchen door. But Michael has gone to another window when Lester, who is now outside, sees him and begins barking. Annie complains to Lindsey again that Lester is getting on her nerves, but soon after this, she hears Lester stop barking and begin whimpering. Outside, Lester is dangling in the air and his feet are starting to go limp as Michael kills him.Inside the Doyle house, Laurie and Tommy sit watching The Thing. Once again, Tommy asks Laurie about the boogeyman. Laurie says that the boogeyman and all other Halloween superstitions are all make-believe and that Halloween is only a time when people play tricks on each other. Seeing that Tommy's still afraid, Laurie promises that she won't let anything happen to him. Tommy asks to make the jack-o-lantern at this time and they go into the kitchen.At the Wallace house, Annie goes to the outdoor laundry room in the back yard and puts her clothes in the washing machine, never seeing The Shape peering in at her from the door and windows. After accidentally locking herself inside, Annie calls for Lindsey to come and let her out, but Lindsey doesn't hear her. When the phone rings, Lindsey answers it and it's Annie's boyfriend, Paul (an uncredited John Carpenter). Lindsey finds Annie stuck in the laundry room window and releases her. After they go back into the house, Paul calls again and tells Annie that his parents left his house and he has an opportunity to sneak out to see her. He asks her to come pick him up.Annie takes Lindsey across the street to the Doyle house so Laurie can watch her for the time being. Laurie is reluctant, but Annie promises to talk to Ben Tramer in the morning and tell him that they were just fooling around when she called him. Finally, Laurie agrees, and Annie goes back to the Wallace house. She enters the garage, whistling and singing to herself, and tries to open her car door, but it is locked. Frustrated, Annie goes back into the house and finds the keys, brushing her hair a bit in the mirror, and still wearing nothing underneath her coat except a shirt and panties. Reentering the garage, she opens the car.... not noticing that it is now unlocked. Just as she sits down in the driver's seat, she realizes what has just happened. She reaches up to wipe the fog from the windshield, when suddenly, Michael leaps out from the back seat and grabs her throat. He mercilessly strangles her until she weakens and then swiftly withdraws a knife and slits her throat. Annie's eyes go wide as her face slides down the window, and she dies.Inside the Doyle house, Tommy and Lindsey are watching television when Tommy hides behind a curtain and whispers Lindsey's name, trying to scare her. Tommy turns around, and, to his horror, he sees Michael carrying Annie's lifeless body back into the Wallace house. Suddenly, Lindsey bumps into Tommy and they both scream. Tommy yells for Laurie, saying that they boogeyman is outside again, but she tells him to stop talking about it. Tommy complains that no one believes him, but Lindsey decides that she will.Meanwhile, at the Myers house, Dr. Loomis stands waiting behind a bush. After a while, three children, one of whom is Lonnie Elam, come along and dare each other to go inside. Trying to protect them, Dr. Loomis speaks in a menacing tone and yells at them to go away. They scurry away from the house and run down the street. Suddenly, Mr. Brackett jumps out behind Dr. Loomis, startling him. Mr. Brackett complains, telling Dr. Loomis that it will take more than fancy talk to keep him up all night crawling around bushes. Dr. Loomis warns him once again of Michael's evil, and Mr. Brackett questions if all the families and children in Haddonfield could be lined up for a slaughterhouse. Dr. Loomis replies that they could be. Mr. Brackett agrees to continue looking for Michael in the case that Dr. Loomis is right, but he adds that if he is right, Damn you for letting him go.Back at the Wallace house, Lynda and Bob arrive in a van, both sipping from cans of beer and are considerably drunk. They go over the plan that Annie will distract Lindsey while they go to the bedroom upstairs to have sex, not knowing that Lindsey is at the Doyle house and that Annie is dead. Bob lifts Lynda into the air and carries her into the house. Once they go inside, they find all the lights off and no one there. Seeing this as an opportunity, they fall onto the couch, kissing passionately, while Michael silently watches nearby.At this time, in the Doyle house, Laurie, Tommy, and Lindsey have finished carving the jack-o-lantern and walk into the living room, making spooky noises. They all sit down on the couch to finish watching the movie, when suddenly, the phone rings. It is Lynda calling from the Wallace house while lying on the couch with Bob's head in her lap. She asks where Annie is; Laurie replies that she went to pick up Paul, and she thought she'd be home by this time. Laurie tells Lynda to call when Annie gets back because she has Lindsey at the Doyle house, and she needs to know what time to put her to bed. Enthusiastically, Lynda hangs up the phone and tells Bob that Lindsey is gone for the night, and they run upstairs. Laurie watches as the lights go out across the street.Upstairs in the Wallace house, Lynda and Bob Simms (John Michael Graham) are having sex while the phone rings continuously. Lynda warns Bob not to answer it for fear it might be the Wallaces. Bob takes the phone off the hook and they resume the moment, not noticing Michael's shadow sliding across the wall. Soon after this, they stop, and Lynda lights a cigarette for each of them, ordering Bob to go downstairs for a beer. She giggles as he goes downstairs, this being the best night of her life.Downstairs, Bob gets two beers out of the refrigerator and is about to pour them into glasses when he hears a noise. He looks outside through the kitchen door, but no one is there. Annoyed, he opens the pantry door when suddenly, Michael jumps out and shoves him against the set of cabinets on the opposite wall! Michael lifts Bob into the air, stabs a sharp knife through his stomach and into the wall, and Bob dies. Michael stands there for a moment, watching Bob's lifeless body like a curious animal.Upstairs, Lynda sits filing her nails when the bedroom door creaks open and Michael stands there, covered with a sheet and Bob's glasses over his eyes. Lynda thinks this is Bob dressed as a ghost and asks him where the beer is. He won't answer, so she drops the sheet around her, exposing her breasts. When the Shape still won't answer her, she becomes annoyed and gets up to call Laurie and ask where Annie and Paul are. She dials the number, but just as she is about to speak, Michael comes behind her and strangles her to death with the telephone cord! At which time she screams, leaving Laurie thinking it is Annie playing a prank. Finally, after Lynda dies, Michael picks up the phone, listening to Laurie's voice. She puts the phone down and looks out the window as all the lights in the Wallace house turn off. Laurie dials the number for the Wallace house, but no one answers. Going upstairs, Laurie sees that Tommy and Lindsey are sound asleep.Meanwhile, back at the Myers', Dr. Loomis still stands waiting, when suddenly, he sees the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car! Dr. Loomis begins running down the street, sure of where Michael is.At the Doyle house, when Laurie still receives no word from anyone, she grabs her keys and curiously ventures across the street. Upon reaching the front door, she finds it locked and rings the doorbell. There is no answer. Laurie walks around the side of the house to the kitchen door. Going inside, she searches around for any signs of Annie, Lynda, or Bob, thinking this is a trick. Not finding them anywhere, she walks upstairs and sees the light from a jack-o-lantern streaming underneath the bedroom door. Opening it, she sees in horror Annie's lifeless body on the bed with Judith Myers's headstone above her. In tears, Laurie backs against the closet when suddenly, Bob's body drops down into the doorway, hanging from the ceiling. Laurie screams in terror just as the closet door opens, revealing Lynda's body as well.Laurie runs out of the bedroom into the hallway, backing against the wall. Out of a darkened room, Michael's mask appears in the doorway behind her. Laurie walks forward, standing against the balcony.... when Michael reaches out with his knife and stabs her in the shoulder! Laurie screams louder than ever and falls over the balcony railing, crashing down onto the staircase and spraining her ankle. Michael rushes over to the top of the stairs and begins walking toward her. Laurie leaps up and rushes towards the front door hurriedly, but it won't budge. She runs through the living room to the kitchen, locking the door behind her. She rushes to the kitchen door, the way she came in, but a rake has been shoved under the doorknob outside. She is trapped! Suddenly, Michael's hand breaks through the other door behind her as he turns the lock and enters the room. Terrified, Laurie smashes through the glass with her bare hand and knocks the rake over. Shoving the door open, she runs out of the house and stumbles into the yard.She screams for help and runs onto the porch of another house, but no one will help her. Hurrying across the street to the Doyle house, she reaches for the keys in her pocket, but they are gone! Panicking, she bangs on the door, but Tommy is fast asleep. Just then, Michael appears behind the Wallace house and Laurie begins to yell for Tommy. Grabbing a potted plant, she throws it at Tommy's bedroom window, waking him. He slowly walks downstairs, unaware of the trouble. Finally, he reaches the front door just in time and lets Laurie in. She locks the door and orders Tommy to go upstairs. Turning out the lights, Laurie believes that she is safe, when instantly, she sees in terror that a window is open. Scared beyond imagination, she crouches down in front of the couch when suddenly, Michael leaps out from behind the couch and tries to stab her, but he misses and hits the couch instead. Laurie grabs a knitting needle and swirls around, stabbing Michael in the neck. He staggers backward and hits the floor, apparently dead. Laurie, nearly passing out because of blood loss, drops the knife that is still in the couch onto the floor and goes upstairs to check on the kids.Outside, Dr. Loomis still walks down the sidewalk when Mr. Brackett's police car pulls up. Dr. Loomis tells him that he found the Smith's Grove Sanitarium car and he will head over to where Michael is. Mr. Brackett drives away, now truly believing what is going on.Upstairs at the Doyle house, Tommy and Lindsey run up to Laurie, thinking that it was the boogeyman who attacked her. She assures them that he is dead, but Tommy says that she couldn't have killed him because he is incapable of being harmed. At this moment, Michael lumbers toward them, and Tommy and Lindsey run back into the bedroom. Laurie scurries into another room, opening a set of doors leading to the balcony and, hiding in a closet, tries to fool Michael as to where she actually is. She ties a pair of stockings over the closet's doorknobs, but Michael soon begins shaking the doors and reaches through them with his knife, slicing the stockings! He breaks down the top half of the closet door and reaches in for Laurie, accidentally turning the light on. Laurie grabs a wire hanger and stabs Michael in the eye with its point. He jumps back in pain, dropping the knife into the closet. Laurie takes it, clutching it in her hands, and stabs Michael in the chest. He falls to the ground, dead. Laurie carefully slips out of the closet and, seeing this, drops the knife. Asking Tommy and Lindsey to come out, she tells them to go down the street to the McKenzies' house and tell them to call the police. They leave the house, screaming, attracting the attention of Dr. Loomis, who is outside and runs up to the Doyle house.Inside, Laurie is slumping against the doorway of the room where she was hiding, tired and almost unconscious. She doesn't notice that Michael, thought to be dead, is slowly rising behind her. Laurie stands up, leaving the room, when suddenly, Michael grabs her by the neck and begins to strangle her. Laurie fights back and pulls his mask off, revealing Michael's true face. Instantly, Dr. Loomis appears at the top of the staircase and shoots Michael with his gun. Michael falls backwards into another room as Laurie falls against the wall behind her, covering her ears. Dr. Loomis chases the murderer into the other room and sees him standing in front of the balcony doors. Dr. Loomis shoots him five more times, causing him to fall out the doors and off the balcony. Michael slams onto the ground below, appearing to be dead. The doctor looks back at Laurie, who says, It was the boogeyman. Dr. Loomis solemnly replies, As a matter of fact, it was. Looking back down below, he sees in horror that Michael has vanished, but Dr. Loomis knew all along that this would happen. Laurie realizes that Michael still is not dead and begins sobbing. The film ends with a shot of the Myers' house and the sound of Michael breathing heavily behind his mask.Michael Myers, the legendary man who came home on Halloween night to kill, is still alive somewhere out there...
tags: gothic,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  good versus evil, 

title: A Christmas Carol
synopsis: Dickens divided the book into five chapters, which he labelled staves.
=== Stave one ===
The story begins on a cold and bleak Christmas Eve in London, seven years after the death of Ebenezer Scrooge's business partner, Jacob Marley. Scrooge, an old miser, hates Christmas and refuses an invitation to Christmas dinner from his nephew Fred. He turns away two men who seek a donation from him in order to provide food and heating for the poor, and only grudgingly allows his overworked, underpaid clerk, Bob Cratchit, Christmas Day off with pay to conform to the social custom.
At home that night, Scrooge is visited by Marley's ghost, who wanders the Earth, entwined by heavy chains and money boxes, forged during a lifetime of greed and selfishness. Marley tells Scrooge that he has one chance to avoid the same fate: he will be visited by three spirits and he must listen to them or be cursed to carry chains of his own, much longer than Marley's chains.
=== Stave two ===
The first of the spirits, the Ghost of Christmas Past, takes Scrooge to Christmas scenes of Scrooge's boyhood and youth, reminding him of a time when he was more innocent. The boyhood scenes portray Scrooge's lonely childhood, his relationship with his beloved sister Fan, and a Christmas party hosted by his first employer, Mr. Fezziwig, who treated Scrooge like a son. They also portray Scrooge's neglected fiancée Belle, who ends their relationship after she realises that Scrooge will never love her as much as he loves money. Finally, they visit a now-married Belle with her large, happy family on a recent Christmas Eve.
=== Stave three ===
The second spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Present, takes Scrooge to a joy-filled market of people buying the makings of Christmas dinner and celebrations of Christmas in a miner's cottage and in a lighthouse. Scrooge and the ghost also visit Fred's Christmas party. A major part of this stave is taken up with Bob Cratchit's family feast and introduces his youngest son, Tiny Tim, a happy boy who is seriously ill. The spirit informs Scrooge that Tiny Tim will die soon unless the course of events changes. Before disappearing, the spirit shows Scrooge two hideous, emaciated children named Ignorance and Want. He tells Scrooge to beware the former above all and mocks Scrooge's concern for their welfare.
=== Stave four ===
The third spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, shows Scrooge a Christmas Day in the future. The ghost shows him scenes involving the death of a disliked man. The man's funeral will only be attended by local businessmen if lunch is provided. His charwoman, his laundress, and the local undertaker steal some of his possessions and sell them to a fence. When Scrooge asks the ghost to show anyone who feels any emotion over the man's death, the ghost can only show him the pleasure of a poor couple in debt to the man, rejoicing that his death gives them more time to put their finances in order. After Scrooge asks to see some tenderness connected with any death, the ghost shows him Bob Cratchit and his family mourning the passing of Tiny Tim. The ghost then shows Scrooge the man's neglected grave, whose tombstone bears Scrooge's name. Sobbing, Scrooge pledges to the ghost that he will change his ways to avoid this outcome.
=== Stave five ===
Scrooge awakens on Christmas morning a changed man. He spends the day with Fred's family and anonymously sends a large turkey to the Cratchit home for Christmas dinner. The following day he gives Cratchit an increase in pay and becomes like another father to Tiny Tim. From then on Scrooge began to treat everyone with kindness, generosity and compassion, embodying the spirit of Christmas.
tags: horror, 

title: Galaxy of Terror
synopsis: On a desolate, storm-lashed planet called Morganthus, the last survivor of a crashed spaceship is attacked and killed by an unseen force.
On another planet a very long distance away, two figures are seen playing a strange game. One, an old woman named Mitri, is identified as the controller of the game while the other, whose head is obscured by a glowing ball of red light, turns out to be an all-powerful mystic called the Planet Master. The two speak cryptically of things being put into motion, and the Master instructs one of his military commanders to send a ship to Morganthus.
Without delay, the spaceship Quest blasts off to Morganthus. Piloting the ship is Captain Trantor, a survivor from a famous space disaster that has left her psychologically scarred and unstable.
As the Quest approaches the planet’s atmosphere, it suddenly veers out of control and plunges toward the surface, crash-landing there. After recovering from the landing, the crew prepare to leave the Quest and search for survivors. The team has a psi-sensitive woman among their number named Alluma (Erin Moran). Both she and the surface team have significant problems with team leader Baelon (Zalman King), who is pushy and arrogant and totally unimpressed by Alluma's inability to detect any lifesigns whatsoever.
Making their way across the landscape of the planet, they eventually reach the other vessel. Entering, they find evidence of a massacre that took place. The rescue teams split into two and explore the craft. They find further evidence of something catastrophic having happened and, after disposing of the rest, take one victim back for analysis. Cos, the highly-strung youngest member of the team, despite being reassured by his seniors, becomes increasingly terrified by being on the ship and, a short time later, he is killed by a grotesque creature.
The crew discover that something from the planet pulled them down, and in order to escape, they must investigate. After some exploration, they discover a massive pyramid-shaped structure, which Alluma describes as empty and dead. Their explorations of the pyramid lead to a series of exceedingly violent and deadly encounters in which a malevolent force causes several crew members to be dismembered, burned, consumed, raped or crushed to death by monsters created out of each person's unique set of fears.
Eventually, only two members of the team, Ranger (Robert Englund) and Cabren (Edward Albert), remain alive. Deep inside the pyramid, Cabren encounters the Master (Ray Walston), who has been masquerading as the cook on board the Quest. The Master explains that the pyramid is actually an ancient toy for the children of a long-extinct race, built in order to test their ability to control fear. Cabren kills the Master for allowing his crew to die, but becomes the new Master in his place.
tags: tragedy,  cult,  horror,  violence,  plot twist, 

title: Stay Tuned
synopsis: Roy Knable (John Ritter), a couch potato, is a struggling Seattle plumbing salesman and former fencing athlete who spends most of his spare time watching hours of television. Roy's neglected wife Helen (Pam Dawber), a senior vitamin product manager, resents the fact that they never do anything special or romantic together anymore.After a fight (which involved Helen smashing the family television screen with one of Roy's fencing trophies as a wake-up call to reality), a shady man named Mr. Spike (Jeffrey Jones) appears at the couples' door, offering him a new high tech satellite dish system filled with 666 channels of programs one cannot view on the four big networks (CBS, NBC, ABC, and Fox). What Roy doesn't know is that Spike (later referred to as Mephistopheles of the Cathode Ray) is an emissary from hell who wants to boost the influx of souls by arranging for TV junkies to be killed in the most gruesome and ironic situations imaginable. The 'candidates' are sucked into a hellish television world, called Hell Vision, and put through a gauntlet where they must survive a number of satirical versions of sitcoms and movies. If they can survive for 24 hours they are free to go but if they get killed then their souls will become the property of Satan (the latter usually happens).The dish eventually sucks Roy and Helen into this warped world. Roy and Helen first appear on a bizzare game show called 'You Can't Win' where they are forced by the game show host to answer personal questions about their failing marriage or be eliminated. They succeed and as their prize are pushed through a porthole into another world called 'Underworld Wrestling Foundation' and are forced to wrestle a stout couple called The Gorgons. When Roy is bested, Helen defeats Mr. and Mrs. Gorgon by bashing them with a microphone stand and for their reward, are pushed into another porthole to another channel.Watching the Knables from the confines of HTV's control room is Spike, who is soon joined by Crowley (Eugene Levy), a nerdish employee who brings along Pierce (Erik King), a younger upstart employee to the TV center. Crowley explains the events happening to Pierce. They watch another couple, the Seidenbaums, on another channel where the shrewdish wife is crushed to death by a Godzilla monster while her henpecked husband escapes. After Crowley makes a sly comment to Spike about a previous individual who survived the 24 hours in HTV's dimension. Spike bannishes Crowley to the Hell TV world by zapping him with a special remote control device he always keeps on him.Back in the real world, Roy and Helen's 11-year-old son Darryl (David Tom), and his older sister Diane (Heather McComb) arrive home from school and are puzzled to their parents absence. They find the large HTV set in the living room as well as the large sattelite dish in their back yard. While Diane invites some of her school friends over, Darryl watches the new TV set and is behildered by the various HTV programming which includes hellish spoof shows like Cruel Practical Jokes, Three Men and Rosemary's Baby, thirtysomething-to-life, etc. When Darryl goes into the backyard, the motion sensitive dish activates and tries to suck him into the Hell TV world, but zapps his bicycle instead. When Darryl sees his bicycle on the TV later in a show called Meet the Mansons he tries to convince Diane that something sinister is going on, but she dimisses his theories.Meanwhile, Roy and Helen are trapped in a sub-freezing snowy forrest area on the HTV show Northern Overexposure where they venture to a frozen lake and meet Crowley who is digging holes in the ice to find a conduit to the next channel. Just when Crowley finds a dimentional opening, they are attacked by savage wolves and forced to take shelter in a nearby shack where Crowley explains to them about their situation and that they have 15 hours left to survive HTV's world. In attempting to escape from the shack, Crowley is overwhelmed by the wolves and the shack is set on fire from a dropped oil lamp.Roy and Helen are forced to leave Crowley behind and jump through the dimentional porthole and find themselves as animated mouse characters in a cartoon and are forced to battle a mechanical robot cat that chases them. Darryl sees his parents as animated characters and watches their actions on the screen. Helen travels through a mousehole into another channel, but Roy is left behind to deal with the robot cat, which he defeats by sending for a mechanical robot dog. Roy then runs through the conduit to find Helen and ends up on a Saturday Night Live theme show called 'Saturday Night Dead' on a segment called Duane's Underworld as a captive guest. Roy manages to escape and finds himself in a black-and-white channel as a private detective in his search for Helen.In the meantime, Darryl finally convinces Diane where their missing parents are by showing them on the TV set and they try to help them survive any way possible. Roy finds Helen being held by Mr. Seidenbaum, their former next door neighbor, who has set himself up in this cloak-and-dagger show as a nightclub owner. When a gangster arrives and begins shooting up the place, Seidenbaum is fataly hit and as his final act, gives Roy and Helen his remote control device that he has somehow smuggled into the HTV world. Roy and Helen use it to escape but they loose the remote control after they find themselves in the next channel on a period piece show called Off With His Head set in 18th Century France where Roy and Helen are aristrocrats being chased by Parisian citizens during the French Revolution. They are reunited with Crowley, who has survived he wolf attacks despite the loss of his right leg and arm, who tries to help them escape, but they are soon captured by French soldiers and taken to a town square to be executed.Darryl and Diane try to help by hacking into the TV set's cable database to access the system just as the countdown to Roy and Helen's time is to expire. They manage to prevent Roy from being beheaded long enough for the clock to expire and Roy and Helen are saved by the clock to announce the end of their 24 hour trial period in HTV.This infuriates Spike to the point that he makes good on Roy's contract, releasing him but not Helen as she was not in the system under contract. Spike then transports himself into the HTV world and spirits Helen away to a Western site where he ties her to a cart sitting across a railroad track for her to be run over by an oncoming train in order to lure Roy back into HTV to kill him once and for all. Roy re-enters the HTV system to save Helen, bringing his own remote control with him, allowing him to control their journey. Roy battles Spike in a climatic chase across the HTV system shows from Star Deathtreck: The Next Generation, to Driving Over Miss Daisy to Underworld Professional Hockey to a medivial show were Roy's remote control gets destroyed. With assistance from Darryl who throws a fencing sword at the sattalite dish to fight with Spike, they battle across a medivial mansion where Roy tries to get at Spike's remote control device.Roy confronts Spike in a Salt-N-Pepa music video where after both men chase Spike's remote control around, Roy finally gets a hold of it and bannishes Spike back to the medival world and uses it to save Helen from being run over by a train in the western movie. By pressing the off button on the remote, they are evicted from the TV set moments before it sucks their neighbor's abusive Rottweiler into the TV and it destroys itself.Spike gets eliminated by the Rottweiler in the medivial world while Crowley shows up to watch, and Pierce takes over Spike's place in the HTV control room.In the final scene, Roy, who has learned a valuable lesson after his adventure, has dramatically cut back on his TV viewing and taken a new job as a fencing teacher.
tags: horror,  satire, 

title: The Awakening
synopsis: 1921: England. Florence Cathcart (Rebecca Hall) is a published author on supernatural hoaxes who works with the police to expose charlatans and debunk supernatural phenomena, having begun her foray into her profession upon the death of her lover in World War I. Upon a visit from Robert Mallory (Dominic West), a teacher from a boarding school with the request to investigate the recent death of a student, Walter Portman, and to determine if and how it is related to sightings of a ghost of a child, she travels to the school hoping to explain the sightings and the death. The ghostly sightings are at first thought to be a prank played by one of the boys at the school. Florence deduces that one of the teachers was the last to see the boy alive and questions him until he admits to putting the young boy outside to man up, thus scaring the young boy and causing him to have an asthma attack. The school is closed for half-term with the only occupants being Robert, Maud (Imelda Staunton) the housekeeper and Tom, a lonely child, who tells Florence his parents live in India which takes too long for him to travel to.As Florence leaves, an unexplained hand reaches for Florence from a pond after which she faints and falls into the pond. Florence is rescued by Robert. Afterwards of the characters clearly treat the incident as a suicide attempt. which may or may not be a suicide attempt but Florence recovers and hears another unexplained noise, and becomes determined to put to rest supernatural apprehensions. Florence and Robert start developing a mutual attraction. More unexplainable supernatural events start to manifest and subsequently the story is unwound through revelations. Edward Judd (Joseph Mawle), the grounds keeper, earlier known to have a grudge against Robert, is jealous and attempts to rape Florence in the woods. Florence, assisted by the supernatural accidentally kills him by the butt of his own gun.Robert is revealed to be able to see and communicate with some of his own ghosts, which form an unexplored tangent to this story. Tom is revealed to now be a ghost and was Florence's half brother and Maud's son. Florence and Tom grew up in the house that is now a boarding school. While Florence and Tom were young, their father became mad and killed Florence's mother, Tom and himself while also trying to kill Florence. Florence had blocked these memories of her childhood. Maud, who also sees Tom, explains that Tom is lonely and that he needs his family; Maud poisons herself and Florence, intending for their ghosts to join Tom. Florence, however, tells Tom that she will not be happy if she dies now and that she will always be with Tom. Tom then helps Florence by bringing her medicine to throw up the poison.As is common in many ghost stories, it is not clear if Florence is a ghost for the epilogue. Some viewers believe the curative is to no avail, and Florence dies. The film can be interpreted that the only adult that can see Florence is Mallory as it has been established earlier that Mallory is also haunted; the headmaster speaks of her as if she is not there. Only the children can see ghosts, and only the children can see Florence when she leaves the schoolhouse a lonely child (of the kind who could see Tom) acknowledges her. Maud and Tom are gone, and she says though she can't see them, they are not forgotten, raising the possibility they are now at peace.The more straightforward interpretation is that the antidote was successful: the headmaster ignores Florence because of the negative publicity for the school (and he mentions only one death); Florence and Mallory share a cigarette at the film's conclusion; she is leaving by car (Mauds aim was to keep her at the house); and she talks of writing another book.
tags: suspenseful,  horror,  gothic,  atmospheric,  haunting, 

title: Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter
synopsis: The night after the events at Higgins Haven, Jason Voorhees's body is found and delivered to the morgue. After reviving from his wounds and escaping from the cold storage, Jason kills coroner Axel with a hacksaw, and then stabs nurse Robbie Morgan with a scalpel. The next day, a group of teenagers drive to Crystal Lake for the weekend. The group consists of Paul, his girlfriend Sam, Sarah, her boyfriend Doug, socially awkward Jimmy, and prankster Ted. On the way, the group comes across Pamela Voorhees's tombstone and a female hitchhiker, who is soon killed by Jason.
The teens arrive and meet neighbors Trish Jarvis, her brother Tommy, their mother, and the family dog Gordon. While going for a walk the next day, the teens meet twin sisters Tina and Terri, and go skinny dipping with them. Trish and Tommy happen upon the scene, and Trish is invited to a party to take place that night. Afterwards, when their car breaks down, Trish and Tommy meet a young man named Rob. They take him to their house, where Tommy shows Rob several monster masks he made himself before Rob leaves to go camping.
Later that night, the teens throw a party. When Tina starts flirting with Paul, a jealous Sam leaves to go for a swim in the lake. There, she is stabbed through a rubber raft by Jason. Feeling guilty, Paul goes after Sam and discovers her body just before he is impaled in the groin with a harpoon gun. Terri rejects Ted's advances and wants to leave, but Tina moves on to Jimmy, and the two go upstairs to have sex. Frustrated, Terri leaves the party on her own, and is impaled outside by Jason, who also kills Trish and Tommy's mother.
While Sarah and Doug are upstairs in the shower, Ted finds an old stag film and brings it up to the projector. After sleeping with Tina, Jimmy goes downstairs to get a glass of wine but gets a meat cleaver slammed into his face by Jason. Upstairs, Tina notices Terri's bicycle is still outside before she is grabbed through the window by Jason and thrown out onto the teens' car, killing her. Ted is then stabbed in the back of his head by Jason with a kitchen knife. Jason moves upstairs and kills Doug by crushing his skull. Sarah finds Doug's body and tries to flee the house, but she is killed with an axe.
Trish and Tommy return from town and discover the power outage. While looking for their mother, who had been killed by Jason earlier without her knowledge, Trish comes across Rob's campsite and learns that Rob came to Crystal Lake to get revenge against Jason for the death of his sister, Sandra. Worried for Tommy's safety, they return to the house and discover the teens' bodies. Rob helps Trish and Tommy escape and killed by Jason in the basement. Tommy and Trish barricade the house, but Jason breaks in and chases them into Tommy's room. Trish lures Jason out of the house and escapes, then returns home and is devastated to learn that Tommy is still there. She senses Jason behind her and tries to kill him with a machete, but she misses, and he attacks her. Tommy, having disguised himself to look like Jason as a child, distracts him long enough to eventually take the machete and slams it in the side of the killer's skull, splitting apart his head even further when falling upon impact. Tommy notices that Jason's fingers are moving, he continues to hack at his body screaming, Die! Die!
At the hospital, Trish is visited by Tommy. He rushes in, embraces her, and gives a disturbed look while staring ahead.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist, 

title: Tusk
synopsis: Best friends Wallace Bryton and Teddy Craft host the popular podcast The Not-See Party, where they find and mock humiliating viral videos. Wallace announces plans to fly to Canada to interview the Kill Bill Kid, an Internet celebrity famous for severing his leg with a samurai sword. In flashbacks spread throughout the film, it is revealed that Wallace was originally a failed stand-up comic who became popular with his increasingly vicious podcasts, and that he frequently cheats on his girlfriend, Ally.
Upon arriving in Manitoba, Wallace is surprised to learn that the Kill Bill Kid committed suicide. Upset that he flew to Canada for nothing, Wallace decides to stay an extra day and find another person to interview. He finds a handbill from someone offering a room in his home for free and the guarantee of hearing a lifetime of interesting stories. His interest piqued, Wallace arrives at the mansion of Howard Howe, a retired seaman in a wheelchair. Howard tells the story of how a walrus, whom he named Mr. Tusk, rescued him after a shipwreck. Wallace then passes out from the secobarbital laced in his tea that Howard made for him.
The next morning, Wallace wakes up to find himself strapped into a wheelchair and his left leg amputated. Howard tells him he was bitten by a brown recluse spider and a local doctor had to amputate it to save Wallace's life. Howard not only reveals that he can still walk, but lays out his plans for Wallace: he plans to fit Wallace into a perfectly constructed walrus costume. Wallace's attempts to contact Teddy and Ally fail when neither answer their phone. It is then revealed that Ally and Teddy are in fact lovers. Wallace leaves Ally a voicemail apologizing for how he treated her, and Howard knocks him unconscious.
Now aware that Wallace is in danger, Ally and Teddy fly to Canada to look for him. Back at the mansion, Howard continues to mutilate and alter Wallace, to whom he tells his backstory: a Duplessis orphan, he was sexually abused for years by the clergy who fostered him, and as a result is very misanthropic. He sews Wallace into a walrus costume made of human skin, complete with tusks made of the tibia bones from Wallace's severed legs.
A local detective puts Ally and Teddy in touch with Guy LaPointe, a former Sûreté du Québec inspector who has been hunting Howard for years. LaPointe reveals that Howard, nicknamed “The First Wife, has been kidnapping and murdering people for years; he says he believes Wallace may still be alive, but not as they remember him. They eventually find Howard's address through two convenience store clerks, whom Wallace had annoyed earlier.
By now, Wallace’s psyche has been completely broken and has been conditioned to think and behave like a walrus. Howard reveals that his obsession with walruses comes from killing and eating Mr. Tusk six months after living on the island, although a rescue boat arrived soon after. For the past 15 years, he has attempted to turn his victims into his beloved savior in order to relive their last day and give Mr. Tusk another chance at survival. Dressed in his own homemade pelt, Howard engages in a fight with Wallace that ends with Wallace angrily impaling Howard's chest with his tusks while Howard becomes satisfied with what Wallace has become. Ally and Teddy enter the enclave as Wallace bellows victoriously and viciously as a walrus does, much to their horror. LaPointe later enters the room and reluctantly aims a shotgun at Wallace.
One year later, Wallace, still sewn into the pelt, lives in a wildlife sanctuary. Ally and Teddy visit him and feed him a mackerel. Ally remembers a discussion she had with Wallace the day before he left for Canada about how crying separates humans from animals, because crying shows that you have a soul. Ally tells Wallace she still loves him before walking off crying. Tears run down Wallace's face as he bellows, implying that the human part of Wallace may not be completely gone.
tags: dark,  horror,  satire, 

title: Them!
synopsis: A young girl is found wandering in shock in the New Mexico desert near White Sands by two state troopers. When they investigate they find that the trailer that she was staying in with her parents and sibling had been destroyed. They also find that kindly old Gramps Johnson who ran the local store was also killed in a mysterious way. A lone print fround in front of the little girl's trailer is sent to the FBI in Washington for identification. Dr. Medford and his daughter Dr. Pat Medford come to New Mexico after identifying the print as belonging to a species of ant that had mutated after the first atomic bombing 9 years before in 1945. They find and destroy the New Mexico nest but not in time to prevent two young queen ants from escaping. One of the ants starts a nest on a military ship at sea. After the ants kill the entire crew the ship is sunk and the invading ants are killed. Another ant makes her way to the drain system of Los Angeles. A father and his two young boys accidently come upon one off the ants. The father is killed and then a hunt is on to see if they are in time to save the two young boys and also destroy the nest before any other ant can escape and destroy the world as we know it. Top notch entertainment!=================================================================In the desert of New Mexico, a young girl wandering along a road in shock is found by two state troopers. When she's brought to the police station, she's identified and the police officers decide to investigate the home where she lives with her parents and brother. One side of the house has been smashed down and the place is nearly destroyed. One of the troopers hears a bizarre ringing noise outside and walks around the back of the house to find the source. The man screams, fires a few shots and is silent, attacked and killed by an unseen enemy.At the police station the young girl meets a scientist who has her smell a pungent substance. She becomes instantly terrified, backing into a corner and screaming the word THEM!!!=================================================================Title (Note: the movie is black and white but the title is in color - red and blue) and credits run over a desert vista with a large desert tree in the foreground. We see a spotter aircraft fly over the desert. Johnny (an uncredited John Close) calls the car below to report something. A little girl is seen wandering in the desert. Johnny circles until the police car arrives. The girl (Sandy Descher) is dressed in a bathrobe and carrying a doll. Sgt. Ben Peterson (James Whitmore) exits the car to retrieve the child. She is in shock and unresponsive to commands. Trooper Ed Blackburn (Chris Drake) takes a call from the airplane pilot. Johnny has spotted a trailer about three miles down the road. Ben and Ed take the girl and drive down the road to investigate the trailer. They discover the trailer has sustained structural damage but there is no evidence of fire or an explosion. No money has been taken and blood stains are estimated to be less than twelve hours old. Ben finds a piece of cloth and plastic. Ed finds some sugar cubes. A mysterious print in the sand piques their curiosity. Ben matches the cloth from the little girl's bathrobe and the plastic piece fits the missing piece of her doll's head. An ambulance is called and a police team goes over the crime scene. The ambulance attendant (an uncredited William Schallert) assures Ben he'll take good care of the child. They hear a weird chirping noise like crickets, but do not notice the Ellinson girl respond to the sound. They attribute the sound to the wind. Ben asks Cliff (an uncredited Cliff Ferre), who is finishing the plaster moulage on the strange print, what he thinks it might be. The ambulance departs, so Ben and Ed decide to visit the local store run by Gramps Johnson (an uncredited Mathew McCue). They want to know if he knows anything.It is early evening when Ben and Ed arrive at the store. The wind is howling and the store is a shambles. They investigate and discover there is no sign of robbery, but a twisted shotgun indicates Gramps fought off his attackers. They find his dead body in a storage area below the store. Outside the two officers hear a noise. They notice the wall has been pulled away, just like at the trailer. A large barrel of sugar has been turned over. Ben exits the store and leaves Ed to remain until the investigation team arrives. Ed hears the weird chirping sound and goes outside to investigate. We only hear the confrontation -- six shots from Ed's service revolver and a scream.At police headquarters the clues from both scenes are spread out on the table in the office of Capt. Fred Edwards (Don Shelton). They are stumped to make any sense from the clues, including the strange plaster print. They do get a match on fingerprints from the trailer. The Ellinson family was on an extended vacation and the father was an FBI agent. Robert Graham (James Arness), an FBI agent from the office in Alamogordo, joins the investigation. Bob Graham is also stumped. Bob suggests sending the print to Washington for identification. The coroner, Doc. Putnam (an uncredited Joseph Forte) arrives and provides five causes of death. He tells them, Johnson could have died in one of five ways; His neck and back were broken, his chest was crushed, his skull was fractured...and here's one for Sherlock Holmes: There was enough formic acid in him to kill twenty men.Bob Graham receives a telegram from the Bureau telling him to meet Doctors Medford at the airport and extend all cooperation. The FBI was unable to identify the print and sent it to the Department of Agriculture. A military transport, an old North American B-25 Mitchell, arrives and the first out is Dr. Harold Medford (Edmund Gwenn). He is short, plump, and slightly distracted in his own thoughts. Next off the plane is Dr. Medford's daughter, Patricia (Joan Weldon). She is tall, brunette, and very attractive and prefers to be called Pat. Bob Graham immediately takes a shine to this scientist. The four return to police headquarters. The Medfords review the clues and read all the reports. Dr. Medford asks where exactly the first atomic bomb in 1945 was exploded. He is told in the same general area. Dr. Medford thinks out loud, 1945. That's nine years ago. Yes, genetically its certainly possible. Bob wants to know what they suspect, but Dr. Medford refuses to explain until he and his daughter are certain of their theory. Dr. Medford wants to stop at a drug store and visit the Ellinson girl at the hospital, then revisit the location where the print was found.At the hospital, Medford examines the girl and consults with the psychiatrist (an uncredited Ann Doran). A small glass filled with formic acid causes the girl to react. She runs and tries to hide while screaming, Them! Them! The four exit the hospital room and visit the trailer site. The wind is howling and the blowing sand and dust make it hard to see and hear each other. Pat remarks that, Rather slim pickings for food, Dad. They'd turn carnivorous for lack of a habitual diet. Medford agrees, then walks away. Bob wants to know what they are talking about and gets rather insistent. Pat refuses to cooperate, but explains to Bob that her father is an expert myrmecologist, and will tell him when they are sure. Medford discovers a print, and measuring it determines the creature would be over eight feet long. Pat wanders off to find more prints. She discovers one, then she hears the weird chirping sound. It intensifies and the source reveals itself as a giant ant. She screams and backs away. Bob comes to her rescue firing his revolver at the creature, but with little effect. Medford yells they should aim for the antenne, as they are helpless without them. Ben retrieves a machine gun from the police car and fires enough bullets into the creature to kill it. They all approach to get a closer look at the insect. When asked what it is, Medford replies, Species appears to be Camponotus Vicinus. One of the family Formicidae. An Ant. Medford speculates that radiation caused this mutation.General O'Brien (Onslow Stevens), Ben and Medford are aboard a helicopter searching the desert for the nest of the giant ants. Aboard a second helicopter is Bob, Pat, and Major Kibbee (Sean McClory). They are also searching for the nest in another sector. Pat admits she is worried about her father. Pat finds what she is looking for -- a cone shaped mound with a large opening on top. They circle the mound and see an ant remove a human rib cage and throw it into a pile. Human skulls, a police belt with bullets and other bones are littered at the base of the mound. Pat proclaims, You've just found your missing persons.In an FBI office, General O'Brien confronts Dr. Medford about his inconsistency. Medford insists secrecy is paramount and that time is the most important thing. O'Brien is anxious to bomb the nest and be done with the affair. Medford explains that the ants won't be in the nest at night. He proposes to attack them during the day with poison gas, then examine the nest to verify all are dead. During the hottest part of the next day, O'Brien and Ben fire a bazooka with phosphorus shells onto the mound to keep the area hot and the ants below. Bob Graham and Maj. Kibbee also lace the mound with incendiary shells. The Medfords watch and wait. Bob and Ben approach the opening with cyanide gas grenades. A worker ant is seen trying to escape the nest and is held off with a machine gun. The two men bombard the nest with the gas grenades.Bob and Ben prepare to enter the nest. Pat approaches dressed for a subterranean exploration. She tells the men she will accompany them. Bob objects, but Pat explains, Someone with scientific knowledge has to go. My father is physically unable to do it. That leaves me. Bob reluctantly agrees and the three descend into the nest. At first, all they find are dead ants. Further along and down, they are surprised when a wall begins to collapse and they are confronted by some live ants. They are quickly dispatched with Ben's flamethrower. In the queen's chamber, Pat is disappointed to discover they are too late. Without explaining, she takes a few photographs then orders the contents burned. Ben torches all the eggs and dead adult worker ants.Dr. Medford explains that the empty egg cases contained queen ants, which will set up new nests. The team goes to Washington, D.C. to brief a panel of military and government personnel. Medford shows them a film about ants to give them some idea of what they face in combating the insects. Medford punctuates his presentation with a warning if they cannot be stopped, Man, as the dominant species of life on Earth will probably be extinct within a year. A collection center for information is established and all reports of strange phenomena are funneled through same. An Air Force Sergeant (an uncredited Leonard Nimoy) pulls a dispatch off a teletype machine and hands it to a woman to classify. The note refers to a pilot, Alan Crotty, crashing his airplane after witnessing UFOs shaped like ants. He confirms that everything in the building is top secret. Bob and Pat review the dispatch and fly to Brownsville, Texas with Maj. Kibbee to investigate the Crotty report.Alan Crotty (Fess Parker) reluctantly tells his story to what he perceives as an unbelieving audience. Bob, Pat and Kibbee listen and ask a few questions. The three exit Crotty's room and speak with the doctor. Bob tells the doctor to keep Crotty confined. Back in Washington, the Medfords and Bob Graham review what they know so far. Medford takes a call and rushes to the communications room. O'Brien is there and directs Medford to an incoming message. The U.S.S. Viking reports a nest of ants hatched aboard their ship at sea. Only two survivors are rescued by the Navy. The Viking was ordered sunk by Naval gunfire. The Medfords conclude a queen flew aboard and hatched a nest while the ship was anchored in Acapulco, Mexico for the three days and four nights it was there. An official at the meeting (an uncredited Willis Bouchey) is convinced the public should be notified of the danger, but the consensus is to keep things secret to avoid panic. Pat reports that Kibbee, Ben and Bob are in Los Angeles investigating a lead -- the theft of forty tons of sugar.It is Sunday morning and Ben and Bob talk to the rail yard detective (an uncredited Dick Wessel). He reports that the rail car was broken into on Friday night and the yard watchman is being held as a suspect. At police headquarters Bob questions the yard watchman (an uncredited Dub Taylor). Ben was questioning Mrs. Lodge (Mary Alan Hokanson) about the death of her husband. Bob and Ben go to the morgue to see the body and talk to the coroner (an uncredited Russell Gaige). The coroner explains, I don't think this happened in a machine. The missing arm and laceration on the chest are curious. He attributes death to shock and loss of blood. Lodge was with his two children, but he was found alone in his car without any trace of the arm. Bob questions Mrs. Lodge but she tells him she has no clue where her husband took the children that morning. Ben interrupts the interrogation to question patrolmen Ryan (an uncredited John Beradino) and Sutton (an uncredited Robert Berger). They found Thomas Lodge. They show Bob and Ben on the map of the city where they found the body. Bob and Ben interview the four people cited by the officers three drunks and a speeding ticket. A blonde floozy (an uncredited Mary Lou Holloway) is questioned and released. Two of the three drunks are returned to the tank to sleep it off. Ryan explains that the third drunk is at the hospital in the alcoholic ward.The ward doctor (an uncredited Grandon Rhodes) escorts Kibbee, Bob and Ben to see Jensen (Olin Howlin). Jensen tells them that he saw a little airplane and large ants down in the open storm drain channel. Bob comments that the openings look like they may be worth investigating. Jensen's loud outburst disturbs the alcoholic in the next bed (an uncredited Harry Wilson) who pleads, Please, my nerves! Ryan drives Bob, Ben and Kibbee down onto the river bed. They search the area and find a model airplane. Kibbee finds an ant print, which confirms the drunk's story.A news conference is called on Sunday evening. General O'Brien makes the announcement, By direction of the President of the United States, in full agreement with the Governor of the State of California, and the Mayor of Los Angeles. The city of Los Angeles is, in the interest of public safety, hereby proclaimed to be under martial law. Curfew is at 1800 hours. Any persons on the street or outside their quarters after 6:00 p.m. tonight will be subject to arrest by the military police. O'Brien explains what prompted such drastic action. He explains that giant ants were discovered in New Mexico and a nest has been established in the storm drains under the city of Los Angeles. The military begins to stage for the attack. A field headquarters is established outside the storm drain opening where the model airplane and print was discovered. Search units in Jeeps proceed into the storm drains. About a mile in, Ben hears something and requests all engines be stopped. He investigates a pipe that leads to a section still under construction. He finds Mike Lodge (an uncredited Richard Bellis) and his brother Jerry Lodge (an uncredited Robert Scott Correll) trapped and about to be attacked by the ants. Ben kills the ants with his flamethrower. He rescues the boys and sends them down a pipe back to the safety of his waiting driver, Smitty (an uncredited Joel Smith). Unfortunately his own escape is thwarted. An ant grabs Ben with its mandibles and crushes him to death. All units are sent to Drain 267 to engage the enemy. O'Brien and Dr. Medford drive to the location. Bob, and a unit of soldiers fight their way to the nest area, killing many ants with gunfire. O'Brien and Medford arrive and order a cease fire. A section of tunnel collapses trapping Bob inside with the ants. Soldiers dig away the rubble and reach Bob before he is killed by the ants guarding the nest of newly hatched queens. All the worker ants protecting the nest are killed. Medford is called and examines the nest. He says, This is the egg chamber. I'm certain no new queens have escaped from this nest. The job will be done when these are destroyed. O'Brien orders, Okay, burn them out. Flamethrowers destroy the winged queen and consort ants. Dr. Medford waxes philosophical, When man entered the atomic age, he opened a door into a new world. What we'll eventually find in that new world, nobody can predict. We close with a slow zoom in shot of the ants on fire, some still moving.
tags: cult,  horror, 

title: Wrong Turn
synopsis: Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of five friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom are stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nestled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive.**************************************************************************************************************************************************************The movie begins with two college students, Halley (Yvonne Gaudry) and Rich (Joel Harris), who are rock climbing in the West Virginia Forest. Rich reaches the top, and looks at the view, while Halley continues to climb. Halley starts to struggle and falls, but her climbing line catches her. She calls for Rich to pull her up to the top of the cliff, but he doesn't respond. She sees Rich, lying dead, and then his body is thrown off the cliff. Then, someone starts to pull Halley up the cliff by her climbing line. She cuts the line and falls, landing on Rich's dead body. She manages to escape, and sees the trees moving and eerie laughs are heard. Halley almost reaches her car, but she trips over a piece of barbed wire, and is pulled back into the woods by an unseen force, screaming.Chris Flynn (Desmond Harrington), a medical student, is driving through the mountains of West Virginia on his way to a job interview. Due to a chemical spill in the road ahead, he is forced to take a different route. He stops at an old rundown gas station and meets an old man. The old man gives him directions to the other route, then shows Chris a map detailing where to go. Chris takes the dirt road and drives off. As Chris is driving, his car begins to lose control and crashes into a Range Rover stranded in the middle of the road. The car belongs to a group of friends on a hiking trip: Jessie (Eliza Dushku), Carly (Emmanuelle Chriqui), her fiancé Scott (Jeremy Sisto), and a couple, Evan and Francine (Kevin Zegers and Lindy Booth). Jessie find a piece of barbed wire in the woods that was tied to a tree across the road after their tires were punctured. Jessie, Carly, and Scott go to the woods to find help. Chris joins them, while Evan and Francine stay with the cars. After Evan and Francine partake in a round of oral sex, Evan starts to fix their car, while Francine gets in Chris' car. While Evan is fixing the car, he hears a sound from the woods and goes to investigate.After a while, Francine notices that he is missing, and she goes into the woods to look for him. As Francine ventures further into the woods, she finds his sneaker and gasps as she finds Evan's severed ear. As Francine stumbles back, a figure wraps barbed wire around her mouth, tearing it open. As Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott try to find help, they find an isolated cabin. They go into the cabin and discover miscellaneous objects: barbed wire, car keys, odds and ends, and human body parts on the refrigerator and in the bathroom. They are horrified and try to escape, but they hear the occupants coming back and are forced to hide. Three cannibalistic mountain men, all whom are disfigured, enter the cabin and bring in Francine's dead body. Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott silently watch in horror, as her body is butchered and partially eaten.As the cannibals fall asleep, the friends walk silently and reach the door. Chris holds the door open so Jessie, Carly and Scott can get out safely. As Chris keeps the door open, he checks the cannibals to make sure they are still sleeping. Unfortunately, Saw-Tooth (Gary Robbins) awakes and Chris runs. Jessie notices this, and she, Carly, and Scott run quickly with him. Saw-Tooth alerts the other cannibals and begins to chase them. The group hides in a clearing with many cars, which they realize are the cars of the mutants' victims. Chris makes a diversion and is shot in the leg with a shotgun. Scott saves him by using himself as a decoy, allowing Jessie and Carly to steal one of the cannibals' trucks. Chris gets into the truck, and they try to find Scott. Carly sees Scott in the forest. As Scott starts to get in the truck, he is shot three times in the back with arrows. The arrow almost hits the others, and Chris forces Jessie to drive and escape fast. The cannibals pick up Scott's dead body and take it back to their cabin.Chris, Jessie and Carly hit a dead end in the road and have to continue on foot, but Carly stays and is still depressed from Scott's loss. Jessie and Chris comfort her and they continue to walk. They find an old watchtower and begin to climb up, and find a radio and use it to call for help, but do not get a response. They see the cannibals, who are armed with torches and reaching the foot of the watchtower. The radio starts responding their call, alerting the cannibals. The cannibals shoot and destroy the radio through the window. After the cannibals climb the ladder and get into the watchtower, they set it on fire. Chris, Carly and Jessie escape by jumping out of the window into a nearby tree. They begin to climb up, but Three Finger (Julian Richings) has already climbed up the tree before them. Chris and Jessie begin to climb higher as Carly rests. Chris and Jessie make it to the other tree, but unfortunately Three Finger sneaks up behind Carly and slices her head in half with an axe and her body falls through the trees, as Chris and Jessie watch in horror. They escape from the cannibals and hide in a cave near a waterfall until the next morning. Jessie wakes up from a nightmare, as Chris comforts her. Just as they find a road out of the woods, the mountain men find them and push Chris down the hill and capture Jessie and take her back to their cabin. Chris survives the fall and meets a sheriff, but before he is able to convince the Sheriff of what is happening, the Sheriff is killed by an arrow in his eye from the woods. Chris jumps into the police truck and tries to drive away, but cannot find the keys. Chris hides and watches as the cannibal loads up the Sheriff's body into the truck and drives it back to the cabin. Chris hitches along by hanging onto the underside of their truck.When the cannibals arrive at the cabin, Jessie is tied to a bed and gagged with a dog leash, crying. As she is about to get killed, Chris, driving the police truck, drives through the cabin and into One-Eye. Chris unties Jessie, and Jessie shoots Saw-Tooth in the back with an arrow. She and Chris also fight Three Finger, and finish him off by hitting him with an axe. Chris and Jessie notice that the cannibals are still alive, and they quickly go outside. Chris has only one shotgun shell left, which he shoots at the truck, blowing up the cabin with the cannibals still inside. Chris and Jessie, driving the cannibals' truck, stop back at the gas station. Chris, badly injured, gets out of the truck and destroys the map to the cannibals' cabin, so no one will ever go into the woods again. Chris gets back into the truck, as Jessie drives for the woods, and the credits roll.The credits are interrupted by a scene showing a deputy sheriff investigating and picking over the remains of the destroyed cabin. Unfortunately, Three Finger, who survived from the explosion, comes up behind the deputy and kills him. The scene fades to black and insane laughter is heard, as the credits continue to roll.
tags: comedy,  suspenseful,  murder,  cult,  violence,  horror,  insanity,  humor,  revenge,  prank, 

title: The Final Terror
synopsis: In the opening scene, a young couple loses control of their motorbike and fall to the ground when they hit a fallen tree laying on the track through a forest where they are riding. The guy, Jim, is badly hurt, and the girl, Lori, runs to find some help. She finds an abandoned cabin but no one is there. She runs back to Jimmy where she finds him dead hanging upside down from a tree, terrified she runs back to the cabin. While running, she steps on a trap full of sharp objects, killing her.Weeks later, a group of campers arrive at the forest where the killings happened. The campers include Dennis Zorich, his Australian girlfriend Margaret, her best friend Windy, Windy's boyfriend Marco, Marco's friend Nathaniel, fellow friend Boone, the weird forest ranger Eggar, Nathaniel's girlfriend Vanessa, and fellow park rangers Mike and Melanie. Eggar drives them on a small bus to their destination. The group makes a clearing in the forest and gather supplies, and spend the night around a bonfire near a small river. They wake up early in the morning but both Marco and Eggar are missing.The boys search for him and the others search nearby the camp. Mike takes a swim and Melanie follows him. While having sex, Mike is stabbed by a strange humanoid creature. Melanie screams in terror while watching him die.Nathaniel and Dennis find the abandoned cabin and an old grave. Dennis enters the cabin and Nathaniel hears Dennis scream and enters to be attacked by what he thinks is a strange old lady, but it is Dennis trying to scare him. They find some things inside the house that are being used and new. They take some of the things and food. While opening the cabinet they find the severed head of a wolf. Shaken, they head back to the camp.That night, while sleeping, Margaret is attacked by the strange creature. She confesses hysterically what she saw to the other campers. The campers hear a strange noise and pursue the source only to find Marco, who has returned to the camp. Vanessa gets angry at the guys for scaring the girls and walks off alone. She finds the old outhouse and enters, and Mike's severed head falls on her, causing her to panic and scream.Nathaniel and the rest of the group come to her aid, then start a search for Melanie. They decided to spend the night in the camp. In the morning they go to the cabin to try to capture the mountain man who killed Mike. Unbeknownst to the group, Melanie is down in the basement with the killer. They see a severed hand in a jar and flee. They raft along the river, unaware that the creature is following them. The creature throws the dead body of Melanie in the boat causing chaos.Burying Melanie near the river, the group continues on to the end of the river and finds their empty, broken-down bus on a bridge. They decide to spend the night there, but the creature attacks the bus. The creature gets inside but the group escape out the back door.Windy gets separated and lost, and ends up stabbed in the neck by the creature. The remaining group hears her scream and follows her. She is badly hurt and bleeding, so Dennis and Marco decide to go back to the bus to get first aid. They make it to the bus and back without incident to tend to Windy's neck wound. The group again tries to search for the way out of the forest.The next morning, the group gathers supplies and camouflage themselves. Dennis climbs one of the highest trees, where he sets a trap. Marco begins calling out for Eggar. When Eggar appears, he begins to strangle Marco. The group attacks Eggar, suspecting he was the one who killed Mike and Melanie, but the real creature appears.While Dennis is watching the rest of the group beat Eggar, it comes from behind and cuts him off at his ankle, making him fall from the cliff, killing him. The creature rises up and screams, revealing herself to be Eggar's long lost mother. As she walks down to confront the group, she steps on one of the traps, a spiked log hanging from the large tree, killing her. Eggar appears to be devastated. The six survivors: Margaret, Windy, Vanessa, Nathaniel, Boone, and Marco watch in horror as Eggar's mother hangs dead in the trap.
tags: grindhouse film,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  insanity,  sadist,  prank, 

title: I tre volti della paura
synopsis: Note: this synopsis is for the orginal Italian release with the segments in this certain order.Boris Karloff introduces three horror tales of the macabre and the supernatural known as the 'Three Faces of Fear'.THE TELEPHONERosy (Michele Mercier) is an attractive, high-priced Parisian call-girl who returns to her spacious, basement apartment after an evening out when she immediately gets beset by a series of strange phone calls. The caller soon identified himself as Frank, her ex-pimp who has recently escaped from prison. Rosy is terrified for it was her testimony that landed the man in jail. Looking for solace, Rosy phones her lesbian lover Mary (Lynda Alfonsi). The two women have been estranged for some time, but Rosy is certain that she is the only one who can help her. Mary agrees to come over that night. Seconds later, Frank calls again, promising that no matter who she calls for protection, he will have his revenge. Unknown to Rosy, Mary is the caller impersonating Frank. Marry arrives at Rosy's apartment soon after, and does her best to calm Rosy's nerves. She gives the panic-struck woman a tranquillizer and puts her to bed.Later that night as Rosy sleeps, Mary gets up out of bed, and pens a note of confession: she was the one making the strange phone calls when she learned of Franks escape from prison. Knowing that Rosy would call on her for help, she explains that she felt it was her way of coming back into her life after their breakup. While she is busy writing, she fails to notice an intruder in the apartment. This time it is Frank, for real. He creeps up behind Mary and strangles her to death with one of Rosys nylon stockings. The sound of the struggle awaken Rosy and she gasps in fright. The murderous pimp realizes that he just killed the wrong woman, and slowly makes his way to Rosy's bed. However, earlier that night, Rosy had placed a butcher knife under her pillow at Mary's suggestion. Rosy seizes the knife and stabs Frank with it as he's beginning to strangle her. Rosy drops the knife and breaks down in hysteria, surrounded by the two corpses of her former lovers.THE WURDALAKIn 19th Century Russia, Vladimir D'Urfe is a young nobleman on a long trip. During the course of his journey, he finds a beheaded corpse with a knife plunged into its heart. He withdraws the blade and takes it as a souvenir.Later that night, Vladimir stops at a small rural cottage to ask for shelter. He notices several daggers hanging up on one of the walls, and a vacant space that happens to fit the one he has discovered. Vladimir is surprised by the entrance of Giorgio (Glauco Onorato), who explains that the knife belongs to his father, who has not been seen for five days. Giorgio offers a room to the young count, and subsequently introduces him to the rest of the family: his wife (Rika Dialina), their young son Ivan, Giorgio's younger brother Pietro (Massimo Righi), and sister Sdenka (Susy Anderson). It subsequently transpires that they are eagerly anticipating the arrival of their father, Gorcha, as well as the reason for his absence: he has gone to do battle with the outlaw and dreaded wurdalak Ali Beg. Vladimir is confused by the term, and Sdenka explains that a wurdalak is a walking cadaver who feeds on the blood of the living, preferably close friends and family members. Giorgio and Pietro are certain that the corpse Vladimir had discovered is that of Ali Beg, but also realize that there is a strong possibility that their father has been infected by the blood curse too. They warn the count to leave, but he decides to stay and await the old mans return.At the stroke of midnight, Gorcha (Boris Karloff) returns to the cottage. His sour demeanor and unkempt appearance bode the worse, and the two brothers are torn: they realize that it is their duty to kill Gorcha before he feeds on the family, but their love for him makes it difficult to reach a decision. Later that night, both Ivan and Pietro are attacked by Gorcha who drains them of blood, and then flees the cottage. Giorgio stakes and beheads Pietro to prevent him from reviving as a wurdalak. But he is prevented from doing so to Ivan when his wife threatens to commit suicide. Reluntantly, he agrees to bury the child without taking the necessary precautions.That same night, the child rises from his grave and begs to be invited into the cottage. The mother runs to her son's aid, stabbing Giorgio when he attempts to stop her, only to be greeted at the front door by Gorcha. The old man bits and infects his daughter-in-law, who then does the same for her husband. Vladimir and Sdenka flee from the cottage and go on the run and hide out in the ruins of an abandoned cathedral as dawn breaks. Vladimir is optimistic that a long and happy life lies with them. But Sdenka is reluctant to relinquish her family ties. She believes that she is meant to stay with the family.Sdenka's fears about her family are confirmed when that evening, Gorcha and her siblings show up at the abandoned Abby. As Vladimir sleeps, Sdenka is lured into their loving arms where they bite to death. Awakened by her screams, Vladimir rushes to her aid, but the family has already taken her home, forcing the lover to follow suite. The young nobleman finds her, lying motionless on her bed. Sdenka awakens, and a distinct change is visible on her face. No longer caring, Vladimir embraces her, and she bites and infects him too.THE DROP OF WATERIn Victorian London, England, Nurse Helen Chester (Jacqueline Pierreux) is called to a large house to prepare the corpse of an elderly medium for her burial. As she dressed the body, she notices an elaborate diamond ring on its finger. Tempted by greed, Nurse Chester steals it. As she does, a glass tips over, and drops of water begin to splash on the floor. She is also assailed by a fly, no doubt attracted by the odor of the body. Unsettled but pleased by her acquisition, she finishes the job and returns home to her small East End flat.After returning home, Nurse Chester is assailed by strange events. The buzzing fly returns and continues to pester her. Then the lights in her apartment go out, and the sounds of the dripping water continues with maddening regularity. She sees the old womans corpse lying on her bed, and coming towards her. The terrified woman begs for forgiveness, but she ultimately strangles herself, imaging that the medium's hands are gripping her throat.The next morning, the concierge (Harriet White Medin) discovers Nurse Chester's body and calls the police. The investigator on the scene (Gustavo de Nardo) quickly concludes that its a simple case and that Nurse Chester died of fright. The pathologist arrives on the scene to examine the body before it's taken away and he notes that the only sign of violence is a small bruise on her left finger, mostly likely caused when someone pried a ring from her finger. As the doctor makes this observation, the concierge appears distressed, as she has apparently took the ring from the dead Nurse Chester, and is further distracted by the sound of a fly swooping about in the air....Boris Karloff makes a final appearance as Gorcha riding on his horse as he concludes the three tales of fear and tells the viewers to be careful while walking home at night for ghosts and vampires have no fear. The image pulls back to actually reveal him sitting on a prop fake horse with a camera crew and various crewmen moving branches around to simulate the scene of riding through the forest from the Wurdalak segment.
tags: cult,  horror,  gothic,  murder,  atmospheric, 

title: Buppha Rahtree
synopsis: Buppah Rahtree is a loner female student at a Bangkok university who becomes the object of a wager by a group of male students to see if she can be bedded. Ake, the son of a wealthy family, takes the bet and courts young Buppah. She resists him at first, but one day sees him feeding pigeons in a park and talks to him. After she expresses her desire to fly away, they go on a ride in Ake's convertible. They continue to have a relationship, which culminates in a three-day weekend at Bang Saen, during which Ake has sex with her; he stays in bed with her the whole time. Ake shows videotapes of their sex to his friends, and for his efforts wins a bottle of Johnnie Walker, which he reflects to himself seems like a trivial prize for messing up another person's life. Ake breaks off all contact with Buppah.
After her stepfather gives her a car ride, he takes her to a short-time hotel and sexually assaults her. She stabs him with a fountain pen he gaver her as a present and runs home to her apartment. Depressed, she contemplates suicide but is interrupted by a phone call from Ake, who wants to meet her. Ake tells her about the wager and apologizes. Though he plans to leave Thailand to study in England, he hopes to maintain their friendship. Buppah informs Ake she is two months' pregnant. Ake's mother tells him to convince Buppah to have an abortion. After the operation, he drives her back to her apartment, and it is obvious she is in pain. Ake leaves to get rice congee but does not return.
After unsuccessfully attempting to collect rent, Buppah's landlady breaks into the apartment, where she discovers Buppah's corpse; Buppah bled to death due to complications from the abortion. When the authorities arrive, Buppah revives, and her vengeful spirit refuses to be dislodged. Mrs. See calls upon Maew, a false shaman who hustles locals, to exorcise the spirit. When he fails, Maew convinces his teacher, Master Tong, to try. For his effort, Master Tong is left with a knife in his back. A pair of Roman Catholic priests perform an exorcism, only to end up curse at and vomited upon by the ghost. As Buppah haunts the building, residents leave in droves, ruining Mrs. See's finances.
In England, Ake grows homesick and has turned to drug use. He returns to Thailand and offers to bring Buppah rice congee. Ake catches the eye of Muay, a young woman at the congee stand. Muay seduces Ake and has him take her to an old cinema, where they have sex. When Ake returns to Buppah's apartment, he has forgotten the congee. Buppah knows that Ake has cheated on her, and for his transgression, she amputates his legs. Muay comes to the apartment to find Ake. Buppah takes possession of Muay's body and compels Muay to cut her own legs off.
Mrs. See recruits a genuine shaman from Cambodia. The shaman and his men come to the apartment just as Muay is being possessed. They put a spirit cloth over Ake and on Buppah's corpse. Through a prayer, the shaman puts Buppah's spirit back into the corpse. They plan to take Buppah to a temple to be cremated, but on the way, the spirit cloth blows off the body, which is in the back of a pickup truck. Buppah takes control of the vehicle and causes it to crash into another truck.
Muay, saddened by the turn of events, makes contact with Ake's father, who is angered and puzzled by the call. As it turns out, Ake has been dead for more than a month. Muay had sexual relations with Ake's ghost.
Buppah returns to her apartment, where she will likely stay for eternity. Ake's ghost, now legless, sits outside in the hallway and apologizes to Buppah for the rest of his ghost eternity.
tags: horror,  revenge,  cult,  comedy,  haunting, 

title: Paranormal Activity
synopsis: Young couple Katie and Micah move to a new house in San Diego. Katie claims an evil presence has been haunting her since she was a child, so Micah sets up a camera in their bedroom to record any paranormal activity that occurs while they sleep. A famous psychic Dr. Fredrichs, who reveals that Katie is being haunted by a demon that feeds off of negative energy and is intent on tormenting Katie, advises them not to communicate with the demon and to contact demonologist Dr. Johann Averies if needed. Katie seems interested, but Micah does not take this seriously.
The camera manages to capture many strange occurrences, which are minor at first, such as noises, flickering lights, and doors moving on their own. However, Micah taunts and mocks the demon, worsening the situation. During the thirteenth night, the demon angrily screeches and there is a loud thud, causing the entire house to vibrate. Voice recorder tests are conducted by Micah the following morning, which reveal demonic grunting when Micah asks if it would like to use an Ouija Board. During the fifteenth night, Katie, in an apparent trance, stands beside the bed and stares at Micah for two hours before going outside. Micah tries to convince Katie to go back inside, but she refuses and appears to remember none of it the next day.
Micah brings home a Ouija board, which infuriates Katie. When they leave the house, the camera records an unseen force moving the planchette to form an unknown message on the Ouija board, which then spontaneously catches fire. Katie sees the video and pleads with Micah to contact the demonologist, but again he refuses. During the seventeenth night, Micah sprinkles baby powder in the hallway and bedroom. The couple are awakened by creaks, and find non-human footprints leading to the attic, where Micah finds a burnt photograph of a young Katie, previously thought to have been destroyed in an unexplained house fire. Katie finally calls the demonologist, Dr. Averies, but he is occupied.
The events of the seventeenth night have psychologically terrified the couple, which in turn has strengthened the demon. Over the next few nights, the paranormal activity is excessive and intense. They eventually call Dr. Fredrichs back to the house, but he is overwhelmed by the demonic energy upon entering. He apologetically leaves despite their pleas, stating that his presence only makes the demon angrier. The bleak reality causes the couple to lose all hope, which makes the demon strong enough to be able to pull Katie out of the bedroom and bite her, causing her to become fully possessed. Micah discovers the bite mark and deciding events are too out of control to remain in the house, he packs to head to a motel. Just as they are set to leave the possessed Katie insists they will be okay now.
The following night, Katie gets out of bed and stares at Micah for two hours before going downstairs. After a moment of silence, Katie screams for Micah, seemingly being attacked by the demonic presence; he abruptly rushes to help her. Suddenly, Micah exclaims in pain, Katie stops screaming, and then heavy footsteps are heard coming upstairs. Micah's body is violently hurled at the camera, which is knocked off the tripod, revealing Katie, now a demonic human, standing in the doorway. She slowly walks into the room, stained with blood. She crawls to Micah's body and then looks up at the camera with a grin. As she lunges toward the camera, her face takes on a demonic appearance just as the scene cuts to black. Epilogue text states that Micah's body was discovered by the police on October 11, 2006, and Katie's whereabouts remain unknown.
=== Alternate endings ===
Once Paramount acquired the film, the original ending was scrapped, and two new endings were developed for the film, one of them being the one seen in theaters (the scrapped ending was shown at only one public viewing).
==== Original ====
After going downstairs on the final night and waking Micah with a scream, only Katie is shown returning to the bedroom, covered in blood and holding a large bloody kitchen knife. She sits beside the bed, holding the knife and rocking herself for hours. The next day, her friend Amber calls and leaves a message, expressing concern. That night, Katie is still sitting and rocking by the bed, and Amber can be heard entering the house. During this short period, Katie stops rocking, but when Amber screams (presumably after finding Micah's body) and runs out of the house, she resumes her motion.
Half an hour later, police enter the home and discover Micah's body as well. They find Katie and call to her. She wakes from her catatonic state and seems confused. As she approaches them with the knife in hand, they ask her to drop the weapon, but then a nearby door slams shut, startling one of the policemen, who shoots and kills Katie. The police investigate the area and find nothing but the camera, still running. The screen fades to black, as a dedication to the deceased Katie and Micah is displayed.
==== Paramount alternate ending ====
In this ending, available as alternate ending on the home releases of the film, Katie gets out of bed and stands staring at Micah, as she did in the theatrical ending, except she does not move to Micah's side of the bed. After three hours, she goes downstairs and screams, waking Micah, who runs downstairs. The same screams and heavy footsteps are heard. After a moment of silence, Katie re-enters the room covered in blood with a kitchen knife. After closing and locking the bedroom door, she approaches the camera and promptly slits her own throat, before collapsing dead. The scene then fades to black.
==== Unfilmed alternate ending ====
A third alternate ending was written in which a possessed Katie would corner Micah and bludgeon him with his camera, while viewers watch from the camera's point of view. This version was deemed too complicated and too brutal to shoot.
tags: dark,  boring,  psychological,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  atmospheric,  haunting,  psychedelic,  entertaining, 

title: It
synopsis: On a cloudy day in Derry, Maine, a little girl is riding her tricycle down the street. Her mother, seeing a storm approaching, calls for her to come inside as she brings in the laundry. The little girl then spots a clown behind the laundry. A moment later, her mother comes outside to bring in the rest of the laundry, and screams: the little girl is dead. Shortly afterward, as the rain falls, the town librarian, Mike Hanlon, comes looking around and talks to the police, much to the chagrin of the police chief, who is frustrated. Before he leaves, Mike spots an old photograph of a boy, which he's seen before, laying on the ground. Later, writing in his journal, he notes the murder as another killing, and how he found the photograph, and is at a loss to explain how it suddenly turned up after 30 years. He decides that he has to call his old friends up, hoping that he is mistaken. He picks up the phone and starts dialing (presumably he has been keeping track as the years passed.)Mike's first call is to England, where Bill Denbrough is working on turning one of his horror novels into a movie, even as his dinner gets cold. His wife Audra is unhappy that he spends so much time working. The phone rings and Mike identifies himself. Bill has a flashback to when he was talking to his friends as a boy; this was the first time he thought of them or Mike in years. Mike tells him It's back, and about how he found the photograph. Bill, who had barely touched his dinner, goes off back to his work room, where he has a longer flashback.In Bill's flashback, his mother is playing the piano one rainy afternoon while Bill lays in bed, recovering from an illness. His younger brother George (the boy in the photograph) is bugging him to talk to him or play with him. Bill doesn't feel up to it, but he gives him a paper boat to play with. Bill seals it with wax while George puts on his rain gear. George goes out to play, and that's the last time Bill sees him. George sails his paper boat down the gutter, which is full of rainwater. Unfortunately, the boat is swept into a storm drain. George is upset at losing the boat, and is ready to leave when he spots a clown in the drain. George is nervous at first - his father warned him against interacting with strangers - but the clown introduces himself as Pennywise, and already knows George's name, which means George knows him. Pennywise holds out the boat to George, but when George reaches for it, Pennywise grabs his arm instead. George screams. The next scene is George's funeral. Later, Bill, still in shock over his brother's sudden death, goes into George's old bedroom and looks at George's photo album, and finds the picture of George that Mike would find decades later. Suddenly the picture winks at him. Bill is horrified and throws the album on the ground. Blood begins to seep from it. Bill screams in horror, and his parents come in. They simply put the album back on the shelf. They can't see the blood, and demand that he never enter the room again.
Coming out of his flashback, Bill wonders how he could have forgotten, and he prepares to leave immediately. He tells Audra about the phone call from Mike, and how he has to return to his hometown. He has also begun to stutter, which he did when he was a kid. Bill leaves, leaving Audra on edge.The next scene is in New York, where a drunk bearded man steps out of a limousine, bringing a foreign woman home with him (apparently one he just picked up, as she hasn't seen his place before.) A picture of the man on the cover of Time Magazine identifies him as Ben Hanscom, an architect. Just then the phone rings. It's Mike. Ben has a short flashback of his own, to when he was being confronted by bullies as a kid. Ben is very shaken. Mike tells him that it's back. Ben doesn't remember much, but tells Mike he'll come home. Very rattled, he pours himself another drink, leaving the woman behind he goes up the elevator to the top of one of his half-finished buildings, contemplating suicide. There he too has a longer flashback.Ben remembers introducing himself as a new student in Derry, where he has just moved with his mother to live with his aunt. The bullies of the class dislike him on sight because he is fat. Their teacher reminds them about the curfew, imposed by the sheriff because of all the killings that have been going on. He meets a girl from the class, Beverly, and immediately likes her. Walking down the street, he is confronted by the bullies he met earlier. These are Henry and his friends. Henry confronts Ben with a switchblade, disturbing even his own friends. Ben kicks Henry in the nuts and pushes himself back, through a fence and down an embankment into a wild area. The enraged Henry and his friends chase him. Ben spots a drain pipe to hide in. Henry doesn't find him, but he finds two other boys playing in the stream. They push them around and ask them if they'd seen Ben. They hadn't. Henry and his friends leave, disgusted that Ben was able to ditch them. Ben comes back out and meets the other two boys, one of whom, Eddie, is having an asthma attack. The other - the young Bill - has to go and get medicine. Ben and Eddie talk about how they both lost their fathers - Ben's in the Korean War, Eddie's to cancer - Eddie tells Ben about how Bill's brother had been killed a little while back. Bill and Eddie tell Ben about how they were trying to make a dam in the stream, and Ben comes up with an idea for an improvement. They invite him back the next day. Later, Ben is writing a postcard, intended for Beverly, when his cousin (with whom he is now living) comes in and reads it, taunting him. The embarrassed Ben wrestles him. The cousin is clearly unhappy about having Ben around, reminding him that he's only their because his mother (Ben's aunt) felt obliged to take Ben's mother in to keep them off the welfare rolls. Ben's aunt reminds Ben's mother of this, too. Ben, who doesn't want to be there either, goes for a bike ride. He finds himself back in the wooded area, and there he thinks he sees his father. His father talks to him, but gradually his voice and appearance change, until he has turned into the clown. The clown vanishes suddenly, and a skeleton climbs out of the water. Ben is horrified and retreats. Ending the flashback, the adult Ben remembers these horrors and drops his bottle 16 stories to the street below.Next up is Chicago, where Beverly Marsh is now a fashion designer. Mike's call comes in, but her boyfriend Tom Rogan rebuffs the call and reminds Beverly about an upcoming deal with Japanese investors. The two of them go out into their factory to meet the investors. Later, Beverly and Tom drink up the champagne. Apparently the deal went through. The phone rings again, this time Beverly gets it. Mike was persistent, and tells her the news. Tom, who went to the refrigerator to get more booze, returns to find Beverly packing. He is immediately angered and starts beating Beverly, getting out his belt. For the first time, Beverly stands up to her abusive boyfriend, throwing jars at him and hitting him in the forehead. This stuns Tom for a moment, long enough for her to escape. She gets in a cab to go to the airport. During the ride, she has a flashback of her own.She remembers being a girl and making breakfast for her father, when the doorbell buzzes. It was Ben, but he doesn't stay there to greet her. He simply left the postcard on the porch while he crouched down across the street to make sure she got it. Beverly's father sees the postcard and immediately confronts her about it, thinking she's running around with boys already even though she's only 11. Her father starts smacking her around (this treatment obviously influenced her as an adult, as she ended up with Tom). Beverly runs out of the house and down the street. Her father stands on the porch and shouts after her, but does not give chase. Concerned that he might have caused this problem, Ben goes off to find her, and finds her crouching behind a bush. Ben invites her to come with him to the wooded area where he was going to build the dam with Bill and Eddie. They are about to start when they are approached by two more boys, Richie Tozier and Stan Uris, who are also friends. Richie is a wise-ass, and Stan is quiet and intelligent, a Boy Scout. The six of them work for several hours on building the dam out of rocks, dirt, and garbage, and it is a success, they end up with a pretty big pool. At the end of the day, Bill, Ben, and Beverly take leave of one another. Beverly starts to think Bill wrote the postcard; she likes him. Ben sees this, much to his dismay, but says nothing. Beverly goes home where her father is watching TV, apparently having forgotten about the morning's events or not in the mood to talk about it. Beverly goes into the bathroom to wash up and hears voices coming out of the drain in the sink. Suddenly blood bursts out of the drain. Beverly screams and gets her father to come look, but he can't see any of the blood. He thinks Beverly freaked out for no reason. Beverly makes up a story about a spider that scared her to satisfy her father. As soon as he leaves, the voices start again, and Beverly is terrified. She remembers this as her cab arrives at O'Hare.Next up is Eddie, now leaving on Long Island. He has just gotten Mike's call and is preparing to leave by filling his bag with pills and medicine. He still lives with his overprotective, smothering mother, who demands to know where he is going, and is unhappy when he says Derry. He leaves with his driver - he now runs a limousine company. The driver is worried about him, but takes him to Penn Station. While they are driving, Eddie has his flashback.
Eddie remembers being in a theater watching I Was a Teenage Werewolf with his five friends, Richie, Stan, Ben, Beverly, and Bill. He accidentally kicks a bucket of popcorn over the railing, where it lands on Henry and his friends. Richie decides to instigate further, insulting Henry and pouring his Coke on them. The six decide they'd better get out while they can, and run from the theater, reaching the wooded area. They pass by the swamp and the sewer building where Ben saw his father's ghost earlier. Returning to civilization, they arrive at Eddie's house. His mother immediately comes out and chases the others away, telling them that Eddie needed to rest and that he didn't need any friends except his own mother. She reminds him not to take a shower at gym class because of germs. On his next gym class, the coach notices, and instructs him to go take a shower. All the other boys have left, so he has the shower to himself. Suddenly all the showers in the room come on by themselves, and then the shower heads themselves lengthen and reach out from the wall, spraying Eddie with water. Then the clown's voice comes out of the drain. It then pushes the sides of the drain apart with its hands and sticks its head out. Eddie retreats, wheezing with his asthma as the clown talks to him. He escapes, remembering his fear as he gets on the train heading for Boston.Mike's next phone call goes to Beverly Hills, California. There, Richie Tozier has become a comedian, just finishing his routine. He leaves the stage, talking to his assistants. It's pandemonium in the back rooms. Richie finally picks up the phone. It's Mike. Richie immediately gets ready to leave for Derry, angering his manager, who thinks Richie is just running away from several important comedy jobs for a trivial reason. He has his own short flashback, being attacked by a werewolf in a cellar. Then he goes to the toilet to vomit and remembers the rest of that day.
In that flashback, Richie remembers listening to Bill telling a story, which all of his friends enjoy immensely. They sit around their campfire, built next to the dam they built earlier, talking about what they might want to do when they are grown. Bill, suddenly quiet and serious, starts to tell them something very important, warning them not to laugh or make fun. He is about to tell them the story of how George's photograph winked at him when they are interrupted by Officer Nell, who has come down to see why the storm drains aren't draining properly. It was the dam the kids built. They all own up to having worked on the dam. The policeman tells them to tear it down, reminding them to always play as a group because of the killer on the loose; another child was killed that morning. The next day at school, Stan and Richie are confronted by Henry and his friends in the cafeteria at lunchtime. Henry is still angry about having cola poured on him at the theater, and rubs mashed potatoes on Richie's glasses. Richie, tired of being pushed around and ever the smart-ass, throws his lunch in Henry's face and runs. Henry chases him but slips in some food and falls. Richie taunts him and takes off to run again, but this time collides with the school principal, spilling the principal's lunch all over the principal. Henry, knowing enough to not press the issue any further that day, stalks away. The school principal tells Richie to go get a mop from the janitor (who happens to be Beverly's father) to clean up the mess. Richie goes into the cellar to look for him, but instead finds the werewolf that he saw in the movie. The werewolf catches him, but Richie is able to wiggle free. When he looks back, the werewolf has turned into the clown. Richie runs away, back into the cafeteria. He says there's a werewolf in the cellar, and everyone laughs at him except his own circle of friends. Richie remembers being scared even as he tried to sleep that night as we shift back to the present.The next story is Mike's own. He looks at an old photograph and writes in his journal, remembering how he entered that particular circle of friends. On show-and-tell day at school, he brought an old photo album that his father assembled with pictures of Derry's past. He talks about the disasters in Derry's past, an explosion at the ironworks in 1930, some drowning deaths in 1900. The teacher is somewhat upset by the morbidity. Later, on the street, Mike is confronted by Henry and his friends. They intend to put a firecracker in his pocket. A businessman across the street shouts at Henry, giving Mike just enough time to grab his photo album and run. Henry and his friends chase him. Meanwhile, in the wooded area, the six friends are talking about what they've seen. All of them are relieved that they weren't the only ones to see something, except Stan, who hasn't seen anything yet and doesn't believe any of the stories. They are still talking about it when the winded Mike comes over the ridge, having run all the way from town with Henry and his friends close on his heels. Bill decides they should take a stand where they are at, and begin to gather rocks to drive off Henry. Mike reaches where the others are standing just before Henry and his friends arrive. He recognizes all of them, and hates all of them, and insults all of them, calling them the Losers' Club, but tells them he only wants Mike that day. Bill's circle begins to throw rocks, and several of them start fistfights. One by one, Henry's friends retreat, until only Henry is left. Outnumbered 7 to 1, Henry also retreats, promising to kill the other kids. The others welcome Mike to their Losers' Club. Mike takes a photograph of all of them, the same photograph he would look at 30 years later. Then he shows the others the rest of his photographs and engravings. Even in the 1700s, there were pictures of Pennywise the Clown. The album begins to move by itself, until it opens to a picture of a street with a horse-drawn carriage. Suddenly the picture begins to move, the horse and people move around, and then the clown comes running down the street. It climbs up onto a light pole in the foreground and talks to the Losers out of the photograph, taunting and threatening them. The horrified kids close the book and reopen it, where the photograph is the same as it was before the movement started. Stan witnessed it too, he was the last one. He just wants to forget about it. The kids decide they'd better try to do something about it. Bill, who lost his brother to the monster, asks the rest of them to help him kill the monster.Mike remembers all this writing at the library after hours. When he looks up, there are muddy footprints and a balloon on his desk.Mike then places his last call, to Stan Uris, now living in Atlanta. Stan hesitates when Mike reminds him of his promise and asks him to come. Stan returns to the living room where his wife asks who was on the phone. Stan, looking rattled, goes up to take a bath, which is out of character for him at this time of the evening. As he gets undressed, he has his flashback.He remembers reciting the Boy Scout Oath. The seven Losers are having a slingshot competition, to determine who should be the one to shoot at the monster. Beverly is far and away the best shot, getting 10 out of 10 shots. No one else did better than 3. Richie gives Beverly two silver earrings that he sneaked from his mother's jewelry box, this will be their ammunition against the monster. Stan remains skeptical as they walk toward the sewer building on another rainy day. They all take a shot from Eddie's aspirator - something to unite them - although Richie remarks that it's disgusting and tastes like battery acid. Then they enter the building. Henry and his two closest friends were just outside, and follow them - Henry intends to make good on his promise that he made on the day of the rock fight. The Losers' Club, still unaware of Henry, descend into the sewers. Henry sees them and sends his friends into other pipes, hoping to trap the Losers. They know the layout of the pipes because they chased a dog through the sewers one time. The Losers walk through the pipes, with Eddie, the best navigator, directing them. Suddenly the monster appears, in the form of a bright white light, and attacks Victor, Henry's friend that he sent off to chase the Losers from another direction. Belch (Henry's other friend) and Henry capture Stan silently even without Victor's help and drag him away. The Losers don't immediately notice his disappearance. Henry and Belch are preparing to torture and kill Stan when the monster comes for them, too, again in the form of white light. The monster takes Belch first, and then comes back, although it does not take Henry, his hair turns white immediately from fear and shock while Stan runs off. Stan catches up with the rest of his own group, just ahead of the monster, which soars over them. As they glance up, they see a large, glowing light grid, shaped almost like a turtle shell. The monster passes them by. The kids are still alive and unhurt, clearly the monster was not as strong as it would have liked. A fog suddenly comes out of the walls, forcing the kids to grab hands to stay together. Apparitions appear to several of them, trying to get them to break the circle. The clown appears and grabs Stan. The clown tells the group that it deliberately frightens the children before killing them because they taste better when they are scared. Eddie distracts the clown with his aspirator, remembering Richie's remark about battery acid, long enough for Beverly to shoot it with the first silver earring. The clown jumps into the drain to escape. The kids try to grab it to prevent it from leaving, but its claws break through the clown gloves and eventually, a large, 3-fingered claw takes the place of the clown's hand. The kids scream and the monster escapes. It growls in agony, leaving the kids wondering whether or not they really killed it. Still uncertain, they leave, and Bill asks them to swear to him that they will all come back to fight it again if it ever shows up. Again, Stan hesitates, and he ends up being the last one to swear.Back in the present, Stan's wife comes to the bathroom, puzzled by the extended silence. She enters the bathroom and sees Stan in the tub, dead. He committed suicide by slitting his wrists. He drew the word IT on the wall in his own blood. His wife screams, and thus ends the first half of the movie.The second half of the movie begins with Bill arriving back in Derry for the first time since he was a kid. The woman at the motel is starstruck, she is a fan of his horror books. Feeling restless, he goes for a cab ride, seeing how downtown has changed. The movie theater is now abandoned. Bill arrives at the cemetery where George is buried and visits his graves. Then he has a vision of Pennywise in front of seven graves, one of which appears to be taken already. When he looks again, there is nothing there. He then goes to the city library where Mike works. Some of his own books are on display. He sees Mike for the first time in years. Mike welcomes him and they go for a walk. Bill doesn't remember much - yet. They arrive at Mike's house, who lives just down the street from where Beverly lived as a girl. They have a beer, and then Mike shows Bill a surprise. He found Bill's old bicycle in a pawn shop a year earlier, and bought it, just in case. Bill fixes up the bike while Mike changes clothes. Putting his hand on the handlebar, Bill has another flashback, this time of helping Stan escape something on the bicycle.Richie arrives in a rented car and gets a scare of his own, seeing his own obituary on the marquee outside the abandoned theater. He races to the library to find Mike, but Mike left with Bill a little while earlier. Richie decides to wait for him. He is very much on edge and jumpy. Then he hears the clown's voice. No one else hears it, and when he replies to him, everyone looks at him funny for talking in the library. The clown appears and sends down many blood-filled balloons, no one else notices. The clown continues mocking Richie while he talks to the assistant librarian, more and more hysterically. Richie flees the library.When Mike comes back into his back yard, Bill has got the bicycle in rideable condition. They go for a bike ride together for old-time's sake, remembering how they did much the same thing as kids. Mike hands Bill a deck of cards to stick in the spokes for noise. Bill fumbles the deck and drops the cards, and the two of them receive three scares at once: Only two of the 52 cards land face up. Both are the ace of spades. And the back of the cards has the picture of the clown on them.Ben arrives in town in a cab, and tells the driver to stop and wait for him at the bridge over the stream that he helped dam up many years before. He goes down to look around and sees a fat boy climbing down the embankment with some other boys close behind. He immediately remembers when he did the exact same thing, fleeing Henry, 30 years earlier. The bullies push the fat kid to the ground and run away. Ben, sympathizing with the fat kid, ties his handkerchief around the kid's injured leg. Then Ben goes toward the swamp where he saw his father's ghost. This time, he just sees a skeleton, and then nothing. A hand falls on his shoulder, and the jumpy Ben almost screams, but it was only a bum asking for spare change. A shaken Ben gets back in the cab and they continue into town. Ben sees the clown by the roadside.Eddie also arrives downtown, and his first stop is the drugstore where he got so much of his asthma medicine in the past. He has a flashback to when he was 11. The drugstore's proprietor, thinking he is now old enough to understand, takes him into the back and tells him that so many of his problems are all in his head. His mother stifled him so much and convinced him that he was always sick, and Eddie doesn't believe it when the drugstore's proprietor tells him that his medicine is only a placebo. The adult Eddie still needs the stuff, and picks up some at the drugstore. Then he sees the proprietor in the back. His grandson runs the store now, the old man has retired and doesn't seem to be quite all there any more. But he does remember Eddie, saying a few disjointed words about the placebo. Suddenly the old man grabs Eddie's arm and the clown's voice comes out, warning him to leave town. As quickly as it started, he goes back to being a senile old man.Beverly arrives on foot at her old house, hoping to meet her father. Instead a woman in late middle age answers the door, informing Beverly that her father has been dead for five years. The woman invites Beverly inside for tea. Beverly goes to the bathroom, and stares into the sink where the blood came out years before, before washing up. Instead of blood coming out of the sink, it rapidly fills with droplets from the tap. She comes back into the main room, admiring what the woman had done to fix up the house. But the woman's appearance gradually changes, becoming uglier. Beverly's tea cup suddenly contains blood. The woman's voice changes to her father's voice, and Beverly runs out into the street. She looks back and the clown is on the porch. A truck almost hits her in the street, and when she looks back again, the house is abandoned and boarded up.
Back in England, the movie producer has come to see Audra, enraged by Bill's sudden departure. The producer swears that Bill will never work on another movie, and warns Audra not to leave too lest her career meet the same fate. Audra, worried about Bill, leaves anyways. Mike has arranged a reunion dinner at a local Chinese restaurant in Derry. One by one, the Losers arrive, marveling at how they have changed, Ben having lost weight. Richie is the most shaken, going to the bathroom to regain his composure before he goes back to greet them and be a smart-ass. Beverly is the last to arrive, even fainting from the stress. When she comes around, they share stories of what they saw during the day. All of them got scares of some kind. None of them remember very much yet. At Richie's request, they decide to go ahead with the dinner even though Stan has not yet arrived (they do not yet know that he is dead) and talk about something other than the monster for awhile. They do so.They have a big meal and talk about several subjects. Richie's multiple failed marriages, Ben having escaped it several times. Eddie says he's seeing someone but doesn't have much spare time. Beverly mentions her boyfriend. Then the topic turns to Henry. It seems Henry was blamed for all the killings in 1960, had confessed, and he had been sent to an insane asylum where he remained to this day. That same day, the clown appeared in the moon and started talking to Henry. The clown wants Henry to break out of the asylum and go back to Derry and kill the Losers.At the end of the meal, Richie announces his intentions to leave the next morning. He's clearly not committed to killing the monster. Eddie isn't enthusiastic, either, but they realize they're all beating around the bush and not talking about the monster. The group opens their fortune cookies and they get scares from them. All of them contain something disgusting - an eye, a baby bird, something with claws, a gout of blood, a cockroach, and a spider. The Losers flee the restaurant and go to the library.There, Mike tries once more to call Stan. Beverly sees the blood from when Richie got his scare and remembers trying to clean up the blood in her bathroom when she was little. As soon as she had cleaned it up, more blood came out. Richie begins to tell jokes, trying to lighten the mood. Mike hangs up the phone, having just learned that Stan committed suicide. He informs the group. The suddenly somber Losers begin to talk about the monster. Suddenly Bill understands why he saw one occupied grave out of seven in his vision at the cemetery earlier that day. Then he remembers a day when they were kids when Stan had almost been killed, even after the day he saw the moving photograph with Mike and the others. Stan had been birdwatching at the park when some voices called to him from a nearby house. He went to investigate, figuring there was a rational explanation, and when he entered, the door closed and locked behind him, and a mummy began to walk down the stairs toward him. Stan, unable to think clearly, simply started to recite the names of all the birds he could think of. It worked, the mummy withdrew and the door opened. Stan escaped and ran away through the park. Eddie remembers that Stan had also seen the monster when it had taken Belch and driven Henry insane, seeing not the clown but what was behind the clown, which he referred to as the deadlights. Mike opens the refigerator and dozens of balloons sail out, leaving Stan's head inside. The head taunts the suriviving Losers before Mike slams the door closed. All the doors in the library slam shut and books fly off the shelves, Papers fly around randomly and the typewriter types with no one operating it. Rain begins to fall indoors. The six of them gather together and form a new circle. The rain stops and the lights come back on. Bill looks at the paper in the typewriter. His stutter is getting worse and he can't read it aloud. Ben does it for him: He thrusts his fists against the posts and still insists he sees the ghosts. It's an exercise to help stutterers. They leave, carrying boxes of supplies with them.At the insane asylum, the moon sets and Belch appears under Henry's bed. Henry speaks aloud, attracting the attention of the ill-tempered night guard. Belch tells him to just think what he wants to say. Belch, invisible and inaudible, tells Henry that he will need to get out, because Henry was a living, mortal human being, and could not be stopped by silver or incantations. Belch tells Henry to walk toward the door, and he would take care of the guard. Sure enough, when the guard comes out to beat up Henry, Belch appears to him as Doberman Pinscher wearing a clown suit, allowing Henry to escape.At the hotel, the Losers continue their discussion. Richie, seeing flashlights and helmets in the boxes, drunkenly shouts that he does not want to go into the sewers. Eddie asks Mike to tell them more stories about the monster. Mike hands around old newspapers and tells them about all the children who were killed or disappeared. No one did anything except they themselves, and when Henry confessed the killings stopped. He tells them about the disasters that happened in town every 30 years. They remember his show-and-tell presentation, and Beverly notices for the first time their teacher deliberately didn't want to know. She also remembers how Henry and his friends had sexually harassed her outside her house one day, and she looked across at a neighbor hoping for help, but the neighbor simply went indoors. Only the arrival of her father saved her, one of the few times she was happy to see him. Mike told them about the killings that had started in the present, and then showed them the picture of George, which he had found at the latest crime scene only the day before.Mike then notes how their being together and united made them strong, and protected them from being picked off one by one. Then he notes that all of them who left, including Stan, had become at least moderately rich. Mike had stayed put and was still lower middle class at best. Also, none of them had had children. Even in the era of birth control, seven people childless at age 40 was quite a coincidence. Meanwhile, Audra arrived in town at night and was immediately confronted and taken, although not killed, by the clown, who posed at first as a gas station attendant.Ben told the story of how he had gotten thin. In high school, he had been inspired by a cruel gym coach to start running and try out for the track team. After some months, he kept his word and beat the coach's best guys at track and asked the coach to apologize. The coach hit him instead, and lost his job. But they are once again beating around the bush. Beverly tells them about how when all of them came to help her clean up the blood in the bathroom, it never returned. As the night wears on, they decide to return to their rooms to take a break and refresh themselves. It's not a good idea to separate, so they keep their doors open. Nevertheless, Mike is attacked by Henry in one of the rooms while he's by himself. Beverly finds Ben and asks him about the postcard and Ben admits to it and kisses her, only for her to change into the clown again - Beverly was never really there at all. The clown disappears. Eddie finally hears the commotion, and he and Ben break into the room where Mike and Henry are. Henry, who now looks like an old man, managed to gravely injure Mike, but he ended up impaled on his own switchblade and died. The Losers load Mike into Richie's rented car and go to the hospital. In the morning, they wait around while the doctors examine Mike. Beverly talks to Ben about the monster. Then she tells Ben she now sees the mistake she made, getting together with Tom, who turned out to be abusive, everything she hated in her father. Ben tries to console her, telling her that he had never really felt anything and she was luckier in that regard. Beverly mentions the postcard, and Ben, remembering his last encounter with Pennywise, is shocked, but this is the real Beverly, not the clown; and they begin to kiss. Just then, Eddie comes outside to get their attention. Mike will live, although he isn't going home any time soon. Bill goes to see him and they come up with their cover story in case anyone asks about the accident. Mike directs Bill to his jacket. In the pocket are the silver earrings. Mike tells Bill how some few years ago, he was feeling depressed and close to suicide. He went back into the sewers to look for the earrings, halfway hoping the monster would wake up and kill him. When he came out, he got things together, but the fear had made him start to turn gray. Back at the hotel, the five remaining Losers cover Henry's body and decide not to involve the police yet. They think something would happen to them if they did. Richie and Eddie are ready to leave town, but Ben persuades them to hang a Do Not Disturb sign on the door to buy time while they went outside to talk further. They leave the hotel. Bill is the last one, and before he leaves, he sees a woman and her son playing the piano in a room off to the side. They were playing the same piece his mother was playing on the day George died. Bill comes back outside, where the others are all ready to leave. He tells them he can't leave. He has made a living scaring people, but he has been scared his whole life by what had happened. After the fun times at the reunion had worn off, it is revealed that all the Losers, although well-off, have been unhappy and screwed-up as adults. Bill doesn't want to be scared any more. He vows to return to the sewers to kill the monster, and once more asks them to come back with him to kill the monster. One by one, they come over to him, Richie last.In Richie's rented car, they return to the bridge over the stream. Beverly still has the slingshot, the only thing she saved from the old days. Bill gives her the earrings, telling her about Mike, and saying the earrings were for Mike and Stan. Richie is still unhappy about going through with it and states that they should've brought a gun instead, but he comes along. They enter the sewer building and climb into the same pipe they went into thirty years earlier. The first thing they see, instead of an orange pom-pom like the last time, is a purse - Audra's purse. Bill, for the first time realizing that she followed him, runs through the pipes calling for her. The others hurry after him. Bill blames himself for telling her where he was going..They remind him that they must kill the monster to save her.
They continue through the pipes, Eddie navigating as before. They arrive in the four-way chamber where they had their showdown the first time. The building has been neglected. The cracks in the walls caused by the first confrontation with the monster thirty years earlier were never repaired, and plant roots have come through the walls and ceiling. Just then, the paper boat appears after a 30-year absence. George's ghost appears to Bill and blames him for his death. The others remind him that there's nothing really there, and that Bill was not at fault for George's death. The ghost vanishes. Bill challenges the monster to show itself. The clown appears to them, still taunting them, and vanishes. Richie thinks it's impossible to fight a ghost that vanishes, but Bill reminds them, the monster eats, and in order to eat, it has to take a physical form which can be killed. He places the paper boat in the water channel and follows it as the currents carry it away toward the monster.The channel goes into a tunnel and continues through a cave that appears not to be part of the sewer at all. There are human bones scattered around the cave, and a small door surrounded by candles leading to the monster's lair. Before they go through the door, Eddie confesses that he lied earlier. He isn't seeing anyone, and he never has. He's still a virgin, even though he's 40 now.The group goes through the door, into a large, alien cave. There are bodies suspended from the ceiling in things that look like cobwebs. One of them is Audra, who appears to be in a vegetative state. Finally the monster appears to them, in the form of a giant spider. The spider has razor-sharp teeth and the same 3-fingered claws that the Losers saw the first time they defeated the clown. Beverly shoots at the spider, but the silver slug bounces harmlessly off the spider's exoskeleton. Beverly shoots again, with the same result.The spider then stands up and light glows from his chest, hypnotizing Bill (the light appears to be coming from the same glowing grid that passed over the group in the sewers during their first confrontation). Ben and Richie approach and are also hypnotized. Only Eddie and Beverly are left. Beverly goes around the spider to look for the silver, while Eddie remembers Richie's remark about battery acid. Shielding his eyes from the hypnotizing light, he steps forward and shoots his aspirator at the spider, saying it's battery acid. The spider is unfazed, picking up Eddie. Beverly finds one of the slugs and shoots the spider in the chest. This part of the spider is vulnerable, and it collapses, dropping Eddie, who was mortally wounded. He dies surrounded by his friends.The spider crawls off, moaning, deeper into the cave. The remaining four Losers have gained in resolve. Even Richie is committed to finishing it off now, and they pursue it. They corner it, push it over on its side and punch into its still-glowing chest, finally tearing out its heart and hoisting it overhead. The monster is dead at last.
Bill, remembering Audra, returns to the room he just left, where the cobwebs are rapidly decaying, lowering the bodies to the floor. Bill catches the catatonic Audra and carries her. They return to the outside world, with Richie carrying Eddie's corpse.Mike, some few weeks later, read his journal entry about the adventure, having started to forget things himself. He will be out of the hospital soon. Richie had returned to Los Angeles and had a part in a comedy movie, with another comedian who look and acted like Eddie. Ben and Beverly left together. Before long they had gotten married, and shortly after Beverly was pregnant. Another curse was broken. Bill and Audra were still in town, but Audra's condition was unchanged. Just before they were set to go back home, Bill spots his old bicycle by Mike's house. He climbs onto it and puts Audra on his lap and starts cycling down the hill toward downtown. The trick worked, Audra wakes up, although she has no idea where she is, all is well once again.
tags: dark,  comedy,  gothic,  murder,  paranormal,  horror,  flashback,  good versus evil,  revenge,  sadist, 

title: Rings
synopsis: In October 2013, on an airplane bound for Seattle, passenger Carter, reveals to Faith that he has watched Samara Morgan’s cursed videotape before heading to the bathroom. Faith tells another passenger Kelly, who reveals she has seen the tape too. She rushes to the bathroom and asks Carter if he made a copy and after learning he hasn't, the airplane begins to malfunction as Samara comes for Carter and eventually causes the plane to crash.
Two years later, college professor Gabriel buys an old VCR once owned by Carter, discovering the videotape inside. Elsewhere, Julia sees her boyfriend Holt off to college, but becomes concerned when he falls out of contact. She is inspired to find him when a panicked girl, Skye, contacts her asking for Holt’s whereabouts. Julia meets Gabriel, following him to a private area of the college where a group of people known as The Sevens, are involved in an experiment involving the cursed video, watching and filming themselves, before passing the task to another person, called a “tail”.
Julia recognizes Skye, who takes her to her apartment to have her watch the video, but Holt contacts Julia, warning her not to. Julia locks herself in the bathroom as Skye is murdered by Samara. Holt arrives shortly after. He reveals that he has watched the tape as well and has 12 hours left. Unwilling to let Holt die, Julia watches his copy and when she picks up the phone after, she experiences a vision of a door. As she reaches for the handle, the phone burns a mark on her hand. Turning to Gabriel for help, he notices Julia’s copy of the video cannot be copied and is larger than usual. He discovers extra images within the tape and Julia watches the new footage which features a mysterious woman and tells them that they must cremate Samara's physical remains.
Gabriel sends them to the town Sacrament Valley, where Samara was given a burial after the residents of her island refused to accept the remains. He later realizes the mark on Julia’s hand is Braille, translates it, and goes to warn them. Arriving in town, Julia and Holt travel to a church Julia saw on the video, exploring the graveyard for Samara’s stone. They find an unmarked tomb, but when they break in, they find it is empty. Julia and Holt are caught and taken to a blind man named Burke, who claims Samara’s body was entombed by the local priest but a flood came shortly after leading the priest to bury her in a Potter's field just outside town. He also notes Julia’s mark, asking her why she has it.
Heading out of town to look for the remains, Julia and Holt are stopped due to a car crash and learn Gabriel was involved. He tries to warn Julia of his discovery but is fatally electrocuted by a falling utility pole. After experiencing a vision of Samara’s birth mother, Evelyn, Julia and Holt return to town. While Holt makes inquiries about Evelyn’s fate, Julia goes to the church following her visions. She discovers a hidden chamber beneath the bell tower and finds evidence that Evelyn was imprisoned there whilst pregnant, held in captivity by the priest after being raped before she escaped at eight and a half months into the pregnancy.
Julia visits Burke and explains her findings. He suddenly attacks her, revealing he was not only the priest but Samara’s biological father, and had blinded himself to escape the reach of his daughter’s powers. Julia pushes him down the stairs, temporarily incapacitating him. Meanwhile, Holt, finding Julia missing, rushes to Burke's house where he is knocked unconscious. Julia is drawn to a room in the house where she discovers Samara’s skeleton hidden behind a wall. Burke suddenly appears behind her and tries to choke her to death, but a swarm of cicadas fly in, summoning Samara through Julia’s phone. Samara removes Burke’s blindness so she can kill him. Holt recovers and rushes to Julia's aid. Later that night, he and Julia cremate Samara’s corpse.
Shortly after, Julia and Holt return home. While Julia is in the shower, Holt notices a voicemail from Gabriel, who warns him of the Braille. Holt begins to translate it on the computer, discovering it means “rebirth”. The computer begins to malfunction as Holt translates the symbol. In the bathroom, Julia peels away the skin where the mark was, revealing gray skin underneath. She falls to the floor and begins to cough up a string of black hair, from which a cicada is born. Holt unsuccessfully tries to disconnect the computer as Julia’s copy of the video is suddenly sent to everyone on her contact list and begins going viral. Julia stands again, gazes into the mirror, and as she clears away the fog, her reflection is that of Samara's.
tags: horror, 

title: Night of the Living Dead
synopsis: Bickering siblings Johnny and Barbra are traveling by car to a rural cemetery, where they visit their father's grave. Johnny teases his sister's fear of the cemetery after dark, saying They're coming to get you, Barbra! They are approached by a pale-faced man who stumbles toward them and attacks Barbra. Johnny pulls the man off of Barbra and struggles with him, but is knocked unconscious and possibly dead after tripping and hitting his head violently on the edge of a gravestone. The man then pursues Barbra back to the car, but Barbra cannot start it because the keys are in Johnny's pocket. She takes the car out of gear and it begins to drift away on its own, but she accidentally steers it into a tree. She abandons the car and runs down a roadway to a nearby farmhouse, with the man still pursuing her. She discovers the house seemingly deserted, and the phone is out of order. Her attacker stumbles around the outside of the house looking for her, and is joined by several others. They all seem to be in a kind of trance, behaving in an animalistic way. Exploring the house further, Barbra makes a gruesome find at the top of the stairs: a human body that seems to have been partially devoured by something.In a panic and attempting to flee the house, Barbra is intercepted by Ben, who arrives in a pickup truck and attacks the mysterious figures with a tire iron. Barbra is further driven into hysteria when she sees Ben violently smashing the skulls of the strange men who keep trying to get into the house. Ben urges her into action and the two of them begin boarding up the doors and windows from the inside with dismantled furniture and scraps of wood. They awkwardly trade their stories; Ben seems to be a drifter who was passing through the area when suddenly a wave of unexplained violence began unfolding. He tells Barbra about a scene of mayhem that he encountered at a diner, and Barbra tells him about the incident with Johnny in the cemetery. When Barbra becomes hysterical and wants to go out after Johnny, she strikes Ben and Ben hits her in the face. Barbra passes out in shock.Ben goes upstairs and finds a rifle and a radio as Barbra lies incapacitated on a couch in the living room listening to the radio report. Emergency broadcasters tell stories of widespread violence and mayhem being committed by people who seem to be in a 'trance'. Suddenly, Barbra is startled when the cellar door opens and two men emerge from the basement. Ben is attracted by her screams and they confront the newcomers. An older middle-aged man introduces himself as Harry Cooper, and the younger man is named Tom. Harry says that he has his wife, Helen, and his daughter, Karen, are in the basement as well. Karen has been hurt and cannot be moved. Tom has a girlfriend named Judy, also in the cellar.Immediately the group begins bickering. Ben is furious with Tom and Harry for not coming out earlier to help him barricade the house. Harry is an irrational and domineering man who insists that they all barricade themselves in the cellar and wait for help. Ben refuses, saying that if their attackers ever got into the cellar, it would be the end of all of them, as there is only one entrance -- if they stay upstairs they have a fighting chance to hold off their attackers outside. Harry angrily retreats to the cellar with Helen and Karen, and Judy comes upstairs to be with the rest of the group. When his wife, Helen, learns about the group and that they have a radio that keeps them informed, she insists that they go upstairs into the house to help out.Radio reports explain that an epidemic of mass murder is sweeping across the eastern seaboard of the United States. Later, Ben discovers a television and the whole group watches the emergency broadcaster who reveals that the murderers are recently deceased human beings who have returned to life and who are consuming their victims' flesh. Experts including scientists and military generals are not sure of the cause of the reanimation, but one scientist is certain that it is the result of radiation emanating from a Venus space probe that exploded in the Earth's atmosphere. The report instructs that a gunshot or heavy blow to the head will stop the ghouls and that posses of armed men are patrolling the countryside to restore order.The TV broadcast provides a constantly scrolling list of local towns that contain rescue stations to provide citizens with protection and necessities. Ben notices a nearby town called Willard and devises a plan to escape using his truck, but it needs refueling. While Harry throws Molotov cocktails out a second floor window at the walking dead outside the house, Ben exits the house armed with the rifle and a flaming torch. Tom and Judy offer assistance, but when they arrive at a fuel pump near the house, Tom carelessly splashes gasoline on the torch, starting a grass fire that quickly spreads to cover the truck. Judy's sleeve is caught on something inside the truck which explodes with Tom and Judy inside. Ben runs back to the house to find that Harry locked him out. He kicks the door open and forces his way inside, and after Harry helps him board up the front door again, he punches Harry repeatedly for his cowardice. As Cooper watches in horror, some of the living dead begin eating Tom and Judy's charred remains.A little later, another broadcast comes on the television, showing a local news reporter (Bill Cardille) interviewing a local sheriff (George Kosana) about the search and rescue operations that are underway in the area. Another news report indicates that the levels of the mysterious radiation in the area have been increasing, suggesting that the phenomenon is going to become even more widespread than it already is, but also that the situation is going to be under control soon. At that moment, the house goes dark when the area loses power. Perhaps triggered by the darkness, the ghouls surrounding the house begin to attack, attempting to break through all of the boarded up the doors and windows of the house. Ben manages to hold them back, but drops his rifle. Harry seizes the fallen rifle and turns it on Ben. Cooper orders his wife to go down to the cellar. Ben manages to wrest the rifle away from Harry and then shoots him. Harry stumbles into the cellar and dies, approaching Karen's seemingly lifeless body.Helen also attempts to hold off the zombies, whose great numbers are beginning to overwhelm the barricades over the windows and doors. Barbra suddenly throws herself into the battle, and Helen escapes back into the cellar, where she discovers that her daughter has been transformed into one of the living dead and is consuming part of Harry's corpse. Karen stabs her mother repeatedly with a cement trowel, killing her, before going upstairs.Meanwhile, the undead finally break into the house and Barbra sees her brother Johnny among them. The resultant shock causes her to lower her defenses and she is carried away into the zombie horde. Ben retreats into the cellar, locking the door behind him (which, ironically, was Harry's plan all along). He shoots the reanimated Harry and Helen Cooper.In the morning, a posse approaches the house and proceeds to kill the remaining zombies. Hearing the commotion, Ben cautiously goes up the cellar stairs into the living room, but is shot in the head by an overzealous posse member who mistakes him for a zombie. His body is carried from the house and burned with the zombie corpses.
tags: suspenseful,  grindhouse film,  gothic,  murder,  allegory,  cult,  horror,  violence,  tragedy,  revenge, 

title: From Dusk Till Dawn 3: The Hangman's Daughter
synopsis: Prelude: At the end of his life, Civil War hero and author Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary) disappeared into Mexico with the intention of joining Pancho Villa's revolutionary forces. He was never heard from again.The prequel is set in Mexico in the early 1900s and begins with an American author, Ambrose Bierce (Michael Parks), experiencing a nightmare in which he dies at the hands of Pancho Villa (Peter Butler). Bierce wakes up and talks to a local bartender about his intentions to join Pancho Villa's revolutionary army. He joins a stagecoach transporting a newly-wed couple, John and Mary Newlie (Lenny Loftin and Rebecca Gayheart), who are traveling to Mexico to preach Christianity.Meanwhile, Johnny Madrid (Marco Leonardi), a dangerous local outlaw, escapes from the gallows and kidnaps his hangman's beautiful daughter, Esmeralda (Ara Celi). Madrid receives assistance from Catherine Reece (Jordana Spiro), a young woman who wants to become Madrid's apprentice as an outlaw. With the hangman (Temuera Morrison) and a local posse on their trail, Madrid meets with his gang. They later rob Bierce's stagecoach because of Reece's belief that Bierce possesses an invaluable object. The object turns out to be the manuscript for Bierce's new book titled; The Monk and the Hangman's Daughter, but no
gold. The outlaws ride on, leaving Bierce and the Neelys with the stagecoach. Johnny hangs Reese for having the wrong impression of him. Esmeralda is sickened at the sight, rides off, and Johnny goes after her.
The rest of the gang ride on. The Hangman finds Reese just in time to cut her down and use her to track down Madrid.The stagecoach becomes stuck in the sand. Bierce and the Neelys go on by foot, eventually coming to a seemingly abandoned inn in the desert called La Tetilla del Diable: Open Dusk Till Dawn. But the inn isn't abandoned. It's run by Razor Charlie (Danny Trejo) and Lady Quintila (Sonia Braga). Bierce orders tequilla, while the Neely's take a room for the night. Eventually, other guests start arriving, including Johnny Madrid and Esmeralda, the rest of Johnny's gang, the Hangman, and the Fuller Brush Man. Neely tries to have sex with his wife but she wants to sleep, so he finds entertainment elsewhere. Esmeralda, in the meantime, is cornered by Quintila who lovingly licks the blood off Esmeralda's wounds. It turns out that Esmeralda is really Quintila's daughter, Satanika.At the bar Bierce meets Ezra Traylor (Orlando Jones), a businessman heading to the U.S. The hangman appears to be the only one who knows that the establishment is run by a group of vampires.As night falls, John gets into a fight with one of Madrid's men, drawing blood. The vampires eventually reveal themselves, lock the exit and attack the patrons. All of the hangman's men and the remnants of Madrid's gang are killed by the vampires. Ezra is overcome by vampire women, is fed on and quickly turns. His newly-undead form grabs the helpless Mary and bites her. Madrid, Bierce, Reece, John, Esmeralda, the hangman and one other patron manage to escape into the dungeons beneath the building and try to work together to find a way out.Mary rises as a vampire and goes after the group, revealing that John is a fraud who has only married Mary for her father's money. John is eventually forced to kill her. The patron who escaped with them hides a bite he had received from a vampire hooker earlier. As they continue through the catacombs, he turns and bites John. John kills the patron. Doomed, he persuades Madrid to stake him to prevent him turning.As the remaining survivors keep going, Reece confesses to Bierce that she is an outlaw who has killed her entire family. The group eventually ends up back at the bar entrance, only to find Quixtla and the vampires in wait for them. She reveals that Esmeralda is a half-human, half-vampire princess, Santanico Pandemonium, and the daughter of Quixtla and the hangman. The hangman had taken her away in the hope of raising her as a normal human but, thanks to his mistreatment and Madrid's kidnapping, she has been led back to Quixtla.Madrid, the hangman, Bierce and Reece are hung upside-down to be fed on later as Quixtla performs a ritual which fully transforms Esmeralda into the vampire princess. Madrid manages to break from his bonds and free the others. Reece is bitten in the scuffle and presumably becomes a vampire. Esmeralda bites and turns the hangman into a vampire, but he manages to open the entrance way and kills Quixtla before his change is complete by burning her into sunlight of the rising sun, allowing Madrid and Bierce to escape.As the film ends, Esmeralda screams for Madrid not to leave her as the entrance is closed. Madrid looks away sadly and joins Ambrose's quest to join Pancho Villa's army. As they two survivors leave, the camera zooms out to show the Mayan temple behind the building that houses the vampires, a reference to the first film.(Note: a scene after the credits finish rolling shows the present-day Ambrose Bierce telling his story to a man at a local Texas bar. The bar patron is skeptical, but Bierce proves it to be true when he rips out the man's heart, killing him... and revealing himself to be a vampire).
tags: violence,  horror, 

title: Cargo
synopsis: Year 2267. The ecosystem of Earth has been destroyed and mankind is forced to live in orbit. The story of CARGO takes place on the derelict spaceship KASSANDRA on its 8 year journey to a remote freight-station in deep space. The young and inexperienced medical officer LAURA PORTMANN (Anna Katharina Schwabroh) is the only person awake on board. The rest of the crew lies frozen in cryosleep. During her daily patrols, through the eerily empty ship, she begins to get the feeling that she may not be alone on board. She wakes up part of the crew. A dangerous reconnaissance mission into the vast and ice-cold cargo hold ends in a catastrophe, where the captain of the ship dies. The remainder of the crew is awakened. During a second discovery mission into the cargo hold, the crew finds out that the ship carries something completely different than officially declared. Laura uncovers a large-scale conspiracy, where the government is withholding groundbreaking information about the current state of evolution back home on Earth. After a dramatic showdown, Laura is able to shut down the source of misinformation and bring back proof to uncover the conspiracy. However, this inconvenient truth may start a revolution.(LONG SYNOPSIS ***SPOILERS***)Beautiful images of endless wheat fields and bright blue skies. A tall and good looking woman dressed in white gently touches the ears of the wheat. Suddenly, a superimposed text destroys the dreamlike imagery: Come to RHEA. The entire image becomes distorted, and literally drifts away: the images were a commercial for the planet RHEA on a free-floating TV billboard in space.Behind the billboard, a derelict, uninhabitable planet Earth appears, several giant space stations rotating in its orbit. The sun rises on the horizon. Superimpose: Year 2267.A dyzzing flight into one of the space-stations. Everything rotates. We finally land in a departure gate, where the young medic LAURA PORTMANN (Anna-Katharina Schwabroh) is waiting for her flight to leave. She has decided to work as medical officer on a cargoship named KASSANDRA. The Kassandra will spend 8 years in deep space transporting building materials to a remote space-station. Most of the time, Laura will be in cryosleep. Although she doesn't like this assignment, she knows that it will give her enough money to pay for her long awaited journey to the planet RHEA. There, she will finally be able to meet her beloved sister ARIANE PORTMANN (Maria Boettner) again. RHEA is the new Earth: Intact nature, back to the roots, but only the rich can afford to live there. Most of the people live cramped in the space-station orbiting Earth.Laura's flight is called. She sends a last videomessage to her sister Ariane before leaving: Just 8 more years, and then she'll have the money to come to her.Laura enters the Kassandra. The ship looks old, derelict and spooky. The crew consists of the captain, PIERRE LACROIX (Pierre Semmler), the first officer ANNA LINDBERGH (Regula Grauwiller), the security agent SAMUEL DECKER (Martin Rapold), the technician MIYUKI YOSHIDA (Yangzom Brauen) and the two flight engineers CLAUDIO VESPUCCI (Michael Finger) and IGOR PROKOFF (Claude Oliver Rudolph).Decker shows the crew an informational video about the Luddites. The Luddites are terrorists who fight against and destroy technology. They already attacked several space stations in the past and have now threatened to sabotage cargo flights as well. The crew is asked to report any suspicious incidents immediately to Decker.Shortly after takeoff, the crew enters the cryosleep tanks. Only Lacroix stays awake and takes over the first wake shift. His shift will last for six months. After that, shifts will rotate. Only one person will be awake at one time.4 years later. The KASSANDRA is on its way into deep space. Its destination: The remote space-station 42, a freight distribution station. The only passenger awake on board is Laura. The rest of the crew: frozen in cryosleep. Laura makes a note in her diary: Another four months until her wakeshift will finally be over.Laura patrols the ship and tediously fills out the report forms. From time to time she sends videomessages to her sister Ariane. Because the messages take several months to arrive, the replies from her sister are outdated and from last year. No communication really takes place.During her repeated inspection tours, she more and more suspects that someone else, or something else is on board. She knows that this kind of paranoia may emerge during long wakeshifts. So she considers everything she sees and hears a result of her being alone for such a long time. Until one day, she hears such a loud and disturbing bang from the cargobay, that she suddenly realizes: This can't be an illusion!When she checks the lower decks, she finds scratches on the cargo hatch and hears more of the loud banging. In panic she wakes up the captain Lacroix and the security agent Decker. They decide to have a closer look and check out the cargo area. But the reconnaissance mission into the dark and icy cargobay becomes a fiasco: Lacroix is killed in a strange incident, while Laura and Decker are almost trapped inside the cargo hold.The two survivors wake the rest of the crew. Laura is convinced that something dangerous is on board. But the first officer Lindbergh, who is now in command, is sure that Lacroix's death was nothing more but an accident. Lindbergh suggests that Laura suffers from isolation paranoia and should get some rest. Decker remains silent.As responsible medical officer on board, Laura performs an autopsy on the dead captain. In his skull, she surprisingly finds an artificial eye, which contains a video recording. When she plays it back, she sees containers in the cargobay that are marked with a Danger - Biohazard! sign.Laura and Decker undertake a second expedition into the cargo hold. They open one of the contaiers. Inside, they discover that they are full of coffin like cooling tanks. And in each tank lies a body. They open more containers. All of them contain the tanks!With the help of the two flight engineers Vespucci and Prokoff, Laura and Decker try to bring one of the tanks on board of the main ship. But without any warning, the containers in the cargo area suddenly start to shift. Laura gets almost squeezed and thrown into the deadly abyss. With her last strength, she manages to hold on to one of the containers. Until Decker comes to her rescue.Back on the main ship, they meet a very angry Lindbergh: It's officially strictly forbidden to enter the cargo area. Although Laura suspects an assasination attempt, Lindbergh is sure it was just an automatic shifting of the containers. She still suggests that Laura must rest and recover from her isolation paranoia. But this time, Decker is on her side. He demands an investigation.So against Lindbergh's will, Laura and Decker bring the recovered tank to the infirmary, where they manage to open it. Inside, they find a GIRL (Noa Strupler). The girl lies is in a deep coma. Weirdly, her brain is perfoliated with artificial neural tissue, which has grown in from outside of the skull. Laura has never seen such a phenomenon before. She doesn't dare to wake the girl from the coma, as long as she hasn't found out more about the neural tissue. She starts to research. She finally finds a medication that will make the artificial nerve tissue in the brain of the girl regress.In the meantime, Lindbergh and her assistant Yoshida discover that Decker must have secretly left his cryosleep tank several times during the wake shifts of the other crewmembers. Lindbergh confronts Decker with her findings. She blames him to be responsable for Lacroix's death and also for the assasination attempt on Laura. Decker doesn't have enough good arguments to disprove these accusations. Vespucci and Prokoff arrest him. Laura is extremely disappointed. Now she has lost her only ally. When they prepare Decker for his cryosleep, he tells Laura secretly that the Kassandra is not flying to Station 42. He believes that the ship is flying to RHEA! Laura doesn't believe him. She thinks it may be a last attempt to change her mind about him. Decker is put into cryosleep.While she is giving the girl the medication to make the artificial tissue in the brain go back, she receives a videomessage from her sister Ariane. The message is a direct answer to her last question. Which is strange, because usually, these messages take several months to go back and forth.Laura gets suspicious. She asks the technician Yoshida to secretly examine the target coordinates of the Kassandra. And indeed, Yoshida finds out that they had been manipulated: Their effective target is RHEA!Yoshida tries to find out, who has maniuplated the coordinates. But shortly before she uncovers the results, Laura finds her brutally murdered in the lower decks. And more bad news: Decker has left his cryotank! Someone must have set him free! But who is this someone?The crew starts to search the ship. Under a ventillation shaft Laura finds a secret storage room, filled with artifacts of the Luddites: Bombs, weapons, military equimpent, leftovers of food - and a touchpanel, where a videomessage is just being edited. The videomessage shows images from Earth: plants of all kinds are growing - it's all green and alive! The head-terrorist of the Luddites, GEORG BRUCKNER (Gilles Tschudi) appears on screen. He talks about the big governmental lie: Earth would be habitable again. In fact, since a long time! But with the expensive flights to Rhea, everybody makes so much money, that these facts are kept secret from the public. Then, just before the videomessage ends, Decker appears on screen, next to Bruckner. He is wearing the uniform of the Luddites! He produly holds a big Luddites Unite! banner into the camera!This is when Laura is suddenly attacked from behind - by Bruckner himself! He wants to kill her. Then, seemingly out of nowhere, a shot rings, and Bruckner is killed in front of Laura's eyes. She looks around - but there is no one to be seen.Back on the main decks. Decker has been captured by Prokoff and Vespucci. They torture him to get information about the Luddites. Decker tells them that the planet Rhea doesn't exist. That it's only a simulation. That the artificial neural tissue in the girl's head is proof of his theory. All these people in their coffins in the cargo bay will be connected to a simulator once they arrive on RHEA. Laura at first cannot believe what she hears: How can she still get videomessages from her sister? But when she finally realizes that Decker must be right, it's already too late: She stares into a huge gun, which is pointed at her forehead - by Lindbergh.According to Lindbergh, this was all necessary to avoid a revolution. The first colonization mission on Rhea many years ago was a complete failure. Rhea was not habitable at all. But instead of returning to Earth and telling the truth, the colonizing corporation started to build a giant simulator in Rhea's orbit: Station 42. Everyone who travels to Rhea never leaves the cryosleep coffin. Instead, he is directly plugged into the simulator once he arrives on Station 42. There, he lives a virtual life attached to the simulator. To avoid suspicion, the people inside the simulation can receive and send message from and to Earth. But they can never leave Rhea again.Lindbergh explains that the secret about Rhea is crucial to maintain the peace back home in the extremely cramped spacestations. She asks Laura to understand her point. However, Laura doesn't concede with Lindbergh, even when Lindbergh finally threatens to kill her. Her finger already on the trigger, she is unexpectedly overwhelmed and arrested by Prokoff and Vespucci. They put her in cryosleep and release Decker.Laura and Decker start to build a plan to rescue Laura's sister Ariane from the simulation. But Vespucci and Prokoff have a secret plan of their own: they want to enter the simulation and stay there. They hate their life on the cargoships so much that being inside of a simulation still seems like the better alternative. Their secret plan is to throw two people out of their coffins, and step into the tanks themselves. However, to open the cargo hold, they need Lindbergh's access badge. Vespucci rips the badge off from the cryogenised Lindbergh. He inadvertently contaminates her cryoliquid, which triggers a timer for her wake-up.In the meantime, Laura and Decker have finished their plan: They will secretly leave the ship, once the Kassandra has arrived on Station 42. Decker will hack into the simulation, and send a message from inside of the simulation back home to the people on Earth. This will prove that RHEA doesn't exist. Once the message is sent, he will destroy the antenna system - his message will be the last message ever sent from RHEA. Laura shall find the tank of her sister, and bring it back to the Kassandra.The ship arrives at the fully robotized Station 42. Laura and Decker are ready to leave the ship in spacesuits. But at this moment, the little girl from the open tank appears in the manhatch - barely naked! The drugs that Laura gave her did obviously work. Although only little time remains before the KASSANDRA will discharge automatically again, Laura chooses to bring the girl in her bunk and wrap her into her some clothes.Meanwhile, Decker exits into space, and attaches the explosives to the antenna system of Station 42. He then tries to locate Ariane's tank. When he finally finds it, he discovers that her body is already decomposing - she is beyond saving.Back on the Kassandra. Vespucci and Prokoff are in the cargo hold. They enter one of the containers. Their plan seems to work so far.In the cryochamber of the main ship, Lindbergh is about to wake up from cryosleep.Laura has hastily wrapped the girl into some warm clothes. She leaves the Kassandra in her spacesuit and tries to navigate towards the main hardware module of the Station 42. But during her flight, she realizes that her jetpack doesn't work properly. The propulsion systems are dead. Without any possibility to steer, she floats through the gigantic station towards the open space. In the last moment she is rescued by Decker, who then brings her safely to the hardware module.At the module, Decker tells her that Ariane is beyond saving. The only thing he can offer is to let her into the simulation, so she can meet her sister for one last time. Although very sad about all this, Laura agrees to the new plan.Decker attaches a neurowave generator to Lauras helmet. He then connects it with the simulator. Laura starts to halucinate immediately - and suddenly she finds herself in the simulation. She is amazed by the beauty of it. It's completely real. It's perfect! But she has to move on and find her sister.She arrives at a countryhouse. There she meets Ariane. After a long hug, she tries to tell her sister the truth about everything. But when she sees the idyllic world, she isn't able to destroy her beloved sister's illusion. In tears, she runs away. Then, she sends the final message.While Laura is in the simulation, Decker exchanges her fueltank with the one from his own jetpack.When Laura awakes from the simulation, the ship is already about to start. The engines are firing. Huge shockwaves emerge from the ship and travel towards Laura and Decker. The shockwaves push them away from the module. They tumble, and float towards open space. To her own surprise, Laura is able to start and steer her jetpack again. But Decker remains back in space without fuel, which will mean his certain death. He has sacrificed himself for Laura and for the little girl.In tears, Laura reaches the departing Kassandra in the last second. Immediately after she enters the manhatch, the explosives detonate and rip all the antennas of Station 42 to pieces. Laura's message to Earth will be the last one ever sent from RHEA.Laura wants to find the little girl. But she isn't in her room anymore! While Laura is running frantically through the corridors of the ship to find the girl, she is suddenly attacked by Lindbergh. After a fierce battle, Laura wins, and Lindbergh is suffocated in the man hatch and subsequentially sucked out into space.Scared about the whereabouts of the girl Laura aimlessly roams through the now completely empty ship. Finally, she finds the girl safe and sound in the crew cabin. Together with the rescued girl she is now on her way back home to Earth.The last scene shows how Lauras message arrives on all the screens of the space stations orbiting Earth. People get up and listen to the message attentively. Lauras last sentence: We will now destroy the antennas.Cut to black and credits.
tags: horror,  murder, 

title: Una lucertola con la pelle di donna
synopsis: Carol Hammond (Bolkan) is the daughter of a wealthy lawyer and politician named Edmund Brighton (Leo Genn). Her husband Frank (Jean Sorel) is a lawyer working for Brighton's practice. They all live together in a large apartment with Joan (Edy Gall), Frank's teenage daughter from a previous marriage. Carol has been visiting a psychoanalyst (George Rigaud) because of a string of disturbing dreams she's been having featuring her decadent neighbor, Julia Durer (Anita Strindberg). Julia's frequent, late-night parties infuriate and yet excite Carol, evoking images of wild sex-and-drug orgies.
During a meeting between Edmund and Frank, they talk about their recent court cases in which Edmund asks Frank if he has been unfaithful to Carol, which Frank denies. Then a phone call is made by an anonymous woman who claims to Edmund that she has damaging information about his family. But unknown to everyone, Frank is indeed having an affair with his personal secretary Deborah whom he meets after work at her country house for some romantic tryst.
Carol's dreams continue which become more complicated during scenes that appear to be dreams or hallucinations. Describing her latest one to her psychoanalyst, they depict a lesbian encounter between the two women, culminating in Carol grisly stabbing the seductive Julia to death. In an enigmatic coda to the dream sequence, Carol sees two kaftan-clad hippies (Mike Kennedy and Penny Brown) who have apparently witnessed the whole thing without intervening.
The following day, it's revealed that Julia Durer has indeed been murdered. Inspector Corvin (Stanley Baker) from Scotland Yard arrives to take charge of the investigation. The room and condition of the dead body are identical to their depiction in the dream sequence. To make matters even more incriminating, there is a discarded fur coat near the body. Learning of the murder, Carol insists that she see the scene of the crime and when she enters Julia's apartment and sees the body, she faints.
After weeding out a false and self-serving confession from a delirious regular at the Durer parties, Corvin focuses on Carol Hammond. In the meanwhile, Carol, during a shopping excursion with her step-daughter Joan, see the two hippies from her dream sequence. Following them to an abandoned theater where other hippies hang out, Joan asks them if they know Carol or have ever seen her before. Neither the hippy man or woman claim that they haven't. As the evidence against Carol mounts, the police surreptitiously obtain her fingerprints, which match those found on the murder weapon, and Carol is soon arrested and charged with murdering Julia. However, doubts begin to circulate with Corvin as he wonders if she is the killer when was she describing the murder to her psychoanalyst in detail before it actually took place. Could it be that someone has read her dream diary that she kept and modeled the killing on dream images she described in order to frame her for something she fantasized about? Corvin also wonders who the two hippies are that she claims to have witnessed her crime without intervening.
As Carol is awaiting trial in the grounds of a maximum security sanitorium, she sees one of the hippies break in and chase her through the grounds. Carol flees into the building and in trying to hide she enters a room containing a hideous experiment: four live dogs, clamped in an upright position, whimper helplessly, their abdomens sliced open and pinned with surgical clamps exposing their glistening innards and still beating hearts. Carol faints in horror. When she comes around, there is no trace of the threatening man. The sanitorium director thinks that Carol's ramblings about the intruder, and the disemboweled dogs, must have been another one of her elaborate hallucinations.
Meanwhile, Carol's father swings into overdrive with her case and manages to elaborate a suspicion that appeals to the police. Edmund Brighton discovers Frank's affair with Deborah and that Julia Durer had been blackmailing him for money as not to expose his extramarital affair. Brighton's argument is enough to get Carol released on bail, but Frank remains free and desperately tries to prove his innocence.
While relaxing at Brighton's country estate, Carol is contacted by the hippy woman and agrees to meet with them at a secret rendezvous, at the Alexandra Palace in North London. Once there, Carol is attacked by the hippy man in the cellar and chased through the building where she gets attacked by bats in the attic and gets brutally stabbed as the hippy catches up to her on the rooftop. But Carol is rescued by the police, forcing the hippy man to flee. Another red herring emerges when Joan meets with the hippy woman concerning her stepmother's wellbeing and agreeing to meet. The next day, Joan is found murdered in a field with her throat cut. Inspector Corvin meets with Carol recovering at her father's estate to ask about the hippie couple and of the blackmail that Julia Durer may have been planning for Frank. Corvin finally tracks down and arrests the hippie couple, Hubert and Jenny, whom he takes to the scene of the crime to interrogate them about the Durer murder. Although Hubert admits to have stalked Carol and murdered Joan, they protest their innocence claiming not to remember anything about that night except for recalling a lizard in a woman's skin. Then a phone call comes informing the police that Brighton has been found dead at his estate, the victim of a suicide, and leaving behind a note confessing to the murder of Julia Durer which seems to wrap up the case.
A few days later, Carol is at her father's grave when Corvin arrives to offer his condolences to her. When Corvin asks Carol about the phone call that her father got from Julia Durer which Carol admits that she knew about, he asks how did she know that Julia Durer phoned Mr. Brighton on the day before she was murdered since he never told anybody about it. Too late to realize her slip, Corvin deduces Carol's guilt as she was with Julia Durer during that day the phone call was made. As it turns out, Carol Hammond really did kill Julia Durer after she threatened to go public with their lesbian relationship which they've been having for several months. Carol did break into Julia's apartment and stabbed her to death, only to realize that two hippies saw her, which made her panic and leave the scene of the crime. Carol had felt certain that the two hippies would describe her to the police. The murderous, but sane, Carol entered the event in her dream diary immediately afterwards so by combining details of the murder with images from the recurring nightmares for which she had sought treatment, she hoped to avoid a murder sentence and get off with guilt by temporary insanity that the dream diary would provide plausible evidence in court of a split personality. But Carol did not realize that both hippies were high on LSD and unable to register the significance of what they saw that night. Carol is then led away by Inspector Corvin from her father's grave to a waiting police car.
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  flashback,  insanity, 

title: Antichrist
synopsis: === Prologue ===
A couple makes passionate love, as their toddler, Nic, climbs up to the bedroom window and falls to his death.
=== Chapter One: Grief ===
The mother collapses at the funeral, and spends the next month in the hospital crippled with atypical grief. The father, a therapist, is skeptical of the psychiatric care she is receiving and takes it upon himself to treat her personally with psychotherapy. But it is not successful, and so when she reveals that her second greatest fear is nature, he decides to try exposure therapy. They hike to their isolated cabin in a woods called Eden, where she spent time with Nic the previous summer while writing a thesis on gynocide. He encounters a doe which shows no fear of him, and has a stillborn fawn hanging halfway out of her.
=== Chapter Two: Pain (Chaos Reigns) ===
During sessions of psychotherapy, she becomes increasingly grief stricken and manic, often demanding forceful sex to escape the pain. The area becomes increasingly sinister to the man, including acorns rapidly pelting the metal roof, awakening with a hand covered in swollen ticks, and finding a self-disemboweling fox that tells him, chaos reigns.
=== Chapter Three: Despair (Gynocide) ===
In the dark attic the man finds the woman’s thesis studies: terrifying pictures of witch-hunts, and a scrapbook in which her writing becomes increasingly frantic and illegible. She reveals that while writing her thesis, she came to believe that all women are inherently evil. The man is repulsed by this and reproaches her for buying into the gynocidal beliefs she had originally set out to criticize. In a frenzied moment, they have violent intercourse at the base of an ominous dead tree, where bodies are intertwined within the exposed roots. He suspects that Satan is her greatest hidden fear.
Through the autopsy and old photos, he becomes aware that she had been systematically putting Nic’s shoes on the wrong feet, resulting in pain and deformity. She attacks him, accuses him of planning to leave her, mounts him, and then smashes a large block of wood onto his testicles, causing him to lose consciousness. The woman then performs a sex act on the unconscious man, culminating in an ejaculation of blood. She drills a hole through his leg, bolting a heavy grindstone through the wound, and then tossing the wrench she used under the cabin. He awakens alone; unable to loosen the bolt, he hides by dragging himself into the deep, dark foxhole at the base of the dead tree. Following the sound of a crow he has found buried alive in the hole, she locates him and attacks and mostly buries him with a shovel.
=== Chapter Four: The Three Beggars ===
Night falls; now remorseful, she unburies him but cannot remember where the wrench is. She helps him back to the cabin, where she tells him she does not yet want to kill him, adding that when the three beggars arrive someone must die. In a flashback she watches Nic climbing up to the window, but she does not act, thus displaying her essential evil much like her hypothesis. In the cabin she cuts off her clitoris with scissors. They are visited by the crow, the deer, and the fox. A hailstorm begins; earlier it had been revealed that women accused of witchcraft had been known to have the power to summon hailstorms. Finding the wrench under the floorboards, he is stabbed by her with the scissors, but is able to unbolt the grindstone. Finally free, he shows a vicious face, and strangles her to death. He then burns her on a funeral pyre.
=== Epilogue ===
He limps from the cabin, eating wild berries, as the three diaphanous beggars look on. Reaching the top of a hill, under a brilliant light he sees hundreds of women in antiquated clothes coming towards him, their faces blurred.
tags: dark,  avant garde,  cruelty,  murder,  mystery,  psychological,  bleak,  stupid,  cult,  violence,  horror,  atmospheric,  flashback,  insanity,  psychedelic,  romantic, 

title: Blood Feast
synopsis: In the midst of a series of gruesome murders, a young woman is killed inside her suburban Miami house by a grey-haired, wild-eyed man. He stabs her in the eye and hacks her leg off with a machete, bagging the leg before he leaves. At the police station the next day, detective Pete Thornton investigates the killing, noting that it is the latest in a series of four murders by a homicidal maniac who has yet to leave any clues. The police chief advises him to continue to pursue the case.
At Fuad Ramses Catering store, wealthy socialite Dorothy Fremont arrives, where she arranges for Fuad to cater a party for her daughter Suzette. Fuad agrees and tells Mrs. Fremont that the Egyptian feast that he is preparing has not been served for over 5,000 years. Mrs. Fremont wants the catering done in two weeks, and Fuad assures her that he will have enough time to procure the last of his needed ingredients. After Mrs. Fremont leaves, Fuad ventures to the back storage room where he has displayed a large gold statue of his Egyptian goddess Ishtar. Fuad is preparing a blood feast – a huge vat containing the dead women's body parts – that will ensure the goddess's resurrection. That evening, teenagers Tony and Marcy make out on a nearby beach. Fuad attacks them, subduing Tony and slicing off the top of Marcy's head. He removes her brain to serve as the latest ingredient. Thornton arrives on the scene with the police chief. After failing to obtain any useful information from the distraught Tony, they interrogate Marcy's mother, who can only tell Pete that her daughter belonged to a book club.
Staking out a local motel, Fuad sees a drunken sailor drop his wife off at her room. Fuad knocks on the woman's door and attacks her when she opens it. Fuad rips the woman's tongue out through her throat as another ingredient to his blood feast. Pete continues to investigate this latest killing, and discovers that the latest murder victim also belonged to a book club.
Pete attends his weekly Egyptian Studies lecture at the local university with his girlfriend, who happens to be Suzette. The lecturer tells them about the cult of Ishtar, and describes how virginal women were sacrificed to the goddess on an altar as a blood offering to the Egyptian goddess. When the lecture is over, Pete takes Suzette out for an evening drive. She becomes worried about the recent attacks and fears that a serial killer is loose in the area. Their date is interrupted by the car radio announcing that another victim has been found near death. Pete drops Suzette home and races to the hospital. The police chief informs him that the maniac has struck again and hacked off the face of another woman named Janet Blake. Pete questions Janet in her hospital bed. Her face bandaged, Janet tells the detectives that the man who attacked her was old, with wild eyes, and that he said something which sounded like Etar. Janet then dies and Pete can't shake the feeling that this word sounds familiar. Fuad receives a letter from Trudy requesting a copy of the book Ancient Weird Religious Rites, written by Fuad Ramses. Fuad calls Trudy's home phone number and learns that she's staying with Suzette. That afternoon, Fuad stakes out the Fremont residence, kidnaps Trudy from the grounds and takes her to his store. He whips her savagely and collects her blood, the final ingredient in his bloody potion.
With Trudy missing, Mrs. Fremont insists that the party continue. Pete calls Suzette to inform her that he will be late. Meanwhile, Fuad arrives with the food that he has cooked at his store. Elsewhere, Pete calls upon the college lecturer and gets more information about the cult of Ishtar and Fuad's book. He deduces that Fuad is the killer, since all the victims were women who personally called upon him to send them copies of his book. Pete and the police race over to Fuad's store and find Trudy's chopped-up body in the back. Pete tries to call Suzette to warn her, but Fuad cuts the phone line to the Fremont house.
At the Fremont party, Fuad's meal is ready, but he first asks Suzette to come into the kitchen to help him. He has Suzette lie on a counter, which he makes his altar, and says a prayer to Ishtar as he prepares to decapitate her with his machete as a final offering to his goddess. This takes forever because she can't take him seriously. Dorothy Fremont interrupts Fuad just as he's about to decapitate Suzette, and Fuad escapes as the police arrive. Pete and the rest of the police chase Fuad through a nearby garbage dump, where he attempts to escape by climbing into the back of a departing garbage truck. The truck's compact blades turn on and Fuad is crushed to death. The police stop the truck, noting that there's not much left of Fuad. As Pete puts it, He died a fitting end, just like the garbage he was.
tags: comedy,  cruelty,  murder,  realism,  violence,  cult,  horror,  sadist, 

title: L'albero degli zoccoli
synopsis: An absolutely engrossing film. A wonderful slice of life in rural Italy at the turn of the century. No great dramatics but a detailed examination of a year of peasant life. The characters, especially the young children are so endearing. A three hour film but never dull. No big name stars but each performance is so very real. A must see. The photography of northern Italy is so very atmospheric. The plot emphasizes the extreme poverty of the people but also how well they treat one another and the limitations of living in the homes and the land of a well to do but uncaring landlord. The only parts that are difficult to watch are the slaughtering of livestock that was so much a part of life at the time. The program not only shows the extreme poverty of the farmers abut also their remarkable ingenuity in dealing with the trials that they face. The challenges faced are those relatively unknown to us, we who are so well off here in America. You can see from this film why so many individuals migrated from Italy to America at that time. However, this film is in no way downbeat, the viewer revels in the persistence, good cheer and adaptability of these people.
tags: romantic,  horror,  storytelling, 

title: La polizia chiede aiuto
synopsis: A group of police officers burst into a room where a nude female body is hanging from the ceiling. District Attorney Vittoria Stori arrives where she observes the scene to be that of a suicide, with the door bolted from the inside. The following day, Inspector Valentini gives Vittoria the autopsy report, saying that the girl, Sylvia, was 15 and had sexual relations before her death. Valentini talks to Sylvia's maid (her parents are in Africa), who says that Sylvia was being frightened by daily phone calls in which the caller was not responding. Vittoria watches footage of a demonstration and sees Sylvia walk into a building around the time of her death. Sylvia was found in another building, so Vittoria surmises that was murdered.Homicide Inspector Silvestri takes over the case. While visiting the crime scene, a man is spotted photographing from the room of a nearby building. The man, Mr. Paglia, is questioned; he has many pictures of Sylva having sex with a man, taken over a three week period. Silvestri talks to Marcello, the man from the photographs, and he has an alibi (he was been spelunking for days). Marcello tells the inspector that he was not Sylvia's first or only lover. Sylvia's parents return from their African trip and ID the body.The apartment where Sylvia was murdered is discovered; inside, there are photographs and a tape recorder, and the bathroom walls are covered in blood. Mr. Paglia is set free (the cops have nothing to charge him with). Silvestri tells reporters that they do not know if the blood in the bathroom is human.Sylvia's mother tells Vittoria that six months ago she found birth control pills in her daughter's coat pocket, and when she confronted Sylvia about it, her daughter was indifferent. The mother threatened to tell the father, and Sylvia threatened to cut her own throat with a straight razor. Sylvia's mother hired a detective, but he later dropped the case. Silvestri goes to see Sylvia's doctor, who says she was like any other girl her age. The detective's wife does not know where her husband is, and suggests asking his secretary Rosa (his latest lay), in the clinic for a car accident. When the police find the detective's car, he is in the truck in many plastic wrapped pieces.Rosa, upset about her lover's demise, refuses to answer Silvestri's question (where the detective got the money to pay for her three operations); the inspector suggests blackmail. That night a cleaver-wielding person wearing black leather and a motorcycle helmet is outside the clinic. Rosa calls Silvestri and says she now wants to help. The person enters Rosa's room and tells her to say where her lover hid everything. Rosa screams, and the person runs out, followed by Silvestri and a fellow cop. The cop gets his hand chopped off when going for a light switch. Silvestri jumps into a car with Georgina. They chase the killer (on a motorbike), but the killer drives into an old train tunnel and gets away.Back at the clinic, Rosa shows the police the package in the vent, containing tapes. The recordings are of young men and sexual encounters with young schoolgirls, one may mentioning payment and in one instance a girl being raped. Vittoria plays some of the tapes for Sylva's mother and the maid, and they agree that it is the voice of Sylvia. The DA says there are six or seven different voices on the recording. Georgina looks for motorcycles with matching bike tracks, and learns of a butcher (who might have selected a butcher's cleaver as a weapon of choice), purchasing a bike six weeks ago. Later, the cop tells Silvestri and he talked to the butcher's father, and he said that the boy left three months ago and provided Georgina with a photograph.The next day, Silvestri passes by Valentin and his daughter Patricia; he stops when Patricia says good morning (recognizing her voice from the recordings). The inspector asks Valentine to his office, and Valentine is furious that his daughter is involved with the schoolgirl prostitution ring. Vittoria tries to show Silvestri a threatening note she received the previous night, but he tells her he gets those all the time. She rips up the note. When the DA is dropped off in a parking garage, she is attacked by the killer. She runs and hides behind cars until her driver returns for something she has forgotten. The driver is killed, and Vittoria runs to the elevator. The elevator stops on the third floor and the killer crashes through the door, but runs when someone calls out. The building superintendent clams Vittoria as the killer speeds away on his motorbike.The cops are looking for a butcher named Roberto whom is a suspect in the killings. Valentini has Patricia talk to Silvestri, but she can tell them only that a fellow student, named Julianna, told her about the prostitution. Julianna is picked up, and Silvestri asks her who Bruno is (she had said the name on the tape). She says she has only talked to him over the phone. The police learns that Bruno is the photographer, Mr. Paglia, but the killer has already paid him a visit and stabbed him in the stomach. Bruno dies in the ambulance.The following day, Silvestrai mis-informs reporters that he survived the attack and has told the police everything. Vittoria is angry about the inspector's fabrication, but he tells her that he is trying to weed out the killer and/or people responsible for the prostitution ring.After the story of Bruno's reputed incriminating confession, Sylvia's doctor is found dead in the bathtub from an apparent suicide. Vittoria talks to the quiet girl who attended the doctor's funeral, and she girl tells her of how, for her appointments, the doctor would drug her and do certain things to her. She says that once there was another girl there screaming, and another time a man did things to her. Silvestri returns with many files from the doctor's office, incriminating a number of men involved in the ring (the doctor was recruiting the girls). Two young girls telephone the police and says they saw the fellow on TV ride into a garage. The police surround the area. When the black-leather clad biker attempts to shoot his way out, he is gunned down and killed.Silvestri stops a superior and shows him all the files of people trying to bring down; the superior tells him that it would take too much time, and with the killer dead and his promotion, he should not care about the prostitution ring. Silvestri is upset, but Vittoria is there with him, and Valentini tears up his resignation.
tags: cruelty,  murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  suspenseful,  sadist, 

title: Hell Night
synopsis: The film opens with a girl starts to scream hysterically looking upwards to the camera. During a massive college party, Peter Bennett, the president of the Alpha Sigma Rho fraternity, decides to make four pledges: Marti, Jeff, Seth, and Denise told to stay at the historic Garth Manor until dawn on hell night as part of their initiation. Peter and a group of others, along with his friends Scott and May, bring everyone together and tells them about the sordid history of the estate as they walk while he leads them. Peter explains in a long monologue that 12 years prior, the owner and great-grandson of the founder and gold prospector, Raymond Garth, strangled his wife Lillian to death and then proceeded to murder three of his children (Morris, Suzanne, and Margaret) due to their severe deformities. After the carnage, Raymond hanged himself. However, the police never found the body of the youngest Garth child, 14-year-old Andrew. Legend has it, Andrew witnessed the murder of his entire family and may still be living within Garth Manor.After the pledges get set up in the house, Scott and May assist Peter in attempting to scare them with mechanical devices and sound effects until they are quickly murdered one by one by unseen assailants. May gets violently dragged into a pit and decapitated. Scott has his neck broken on the roof by a large, bare-handed man. Peter discovers Scott's body hanging from a wire and runs to escape without telling the pledges, but is attacked by an unknown assailant. He escapes, but gets lost in a garden labyrinth (a la The Shining) and runs into yet another assailant who impales him with a scythe. The audience realizes that there are two killers.Meanwhile, Marti, Jeff, Seth and Denise discover the sound devices and bogus effects throughout the house set to scare them. After Seth and Denise have a sensual moment together, Seth excuses himself to go to the restroom, and a large, deformed hand covers Denise's mouth. Seth returns to discover May's severed head in the bed and runs away hysterically freaked out. As Jeff confronts Seth, they quickly decide to escape and seek help as Jeff and Marti stay behind. Seth tries to climb the spiked iron gate, but stabs his arm on a spike and falls down. Jeff suggests that he take off his boots and try again. Seth agrees and manages to scale the gate. But he promises to return. Seth runs back to the frat house at the university, pounding on the door for help around but no one is there.Jeff and Marti search the house and discover Scott's hanging body with a rope outside a window. Jeff decides to go outside to look for the others and discovers Peter's corpse. As he runs away in horror, the camera focuses on Peter's hand. the gate keys grasped tightly. Jeff informs Marti that the others have been killed so they decide that it must be Andrew Garth, but are unsure.Jeff and Marti lie in wait in a bedroom armed with a pitchfork, a mysterious shape comes up from the floor under a large rug to attack them. Jeff impales it with the pitchfork and it falls into the hole in the floor. Angry at the death of his friends, Jeff decides to go after it. Marti follows. As they walk through an underground tunnel under the house, they discover dead bodies posed at a table with rats crawling on them. They discover Denise's fresh corpse among the bodies. Suddenly, they see a disfigured man heading towards them. After a chase down the tunnels, Jeff fights him but is knocked down a stone flight of stairs, and injured. He and Marti escape through a hidden exit.Meanwhile, Seth arrives at a local police station. After being disgruntled with the police who think he is pulling another Alpha Sigma Rho prank (out of his anger) Seth steals a shotgun from an abandoned office and tries to find any remaining pledges at the frat house. Finding no one except some drunken revellers who leave, he then suddenly carjacks a man without hurting him in the parking lot and manages to return to Garth Manor as a promise to his friends. Seth sees a figure run past him at the front gate of the Garth Manor as he arrives back. Following along the gated fence, Seth finds a bent out bar of the fence where the figure sliped through and enters the manor grounds.Suddenly, Seth gets attacked by a man, and after a long scuffle, he shoots him to death with the stolen police shotgun. Obviously, Seth doesn't realize that there's another killer in the house when he enters and calls out for Jeff and Marti. As they tell Seth the others are dead, an arm suddenly grabs him from out of the shadows and quickly drags him away. A gunshot is heard and only the shotgun appears sliding across the floor. As Marti decides to go for the gun, the other killer leaps out to grab her. Marti escapes as he chases them upstairs to the bedroom. The Garth killer then kills Jeff by throwing him out a window after he helps Marti out safely.Marti makes her way through the garden labyrinth and discovers Peter's dead body. As his body falls on top of her, she sees the keys and has to pry them from his hands. She makes her way to the gate (unaware about the secret opening in the fence a few hundred yards down from the front gate), opens it and hot wires the stolen car Seth had left by the front gate. Driving away, a hideous face appears from the roof as the killer has leaped onto the car. Marti screams as the glass shatters and a large hand tries to grasp her throat. As she tries to escape, Marti backs into the front gate, bending it. As the car skids, Marti fights off the assailant and punches down on the accelerator as she speeds towards the gate, the killer looks in horror as the gate violently impales him. He spews blood, writhes in agony and dies. A stunned Marti shouts out and hits her head on the steering wheel sounding the horn as it fades out and the battery on the car dies as well.In the morning, the body is still on the car. Marti awakens slowly to the light of dawn and manages to get out of the car. It is assumed she's the only survivor. She walks toward the camera in a daze as the end credits roll.
tags: cult,  horror,  murder,  prank, 

title: Lady in White
synopsis: The film begins with a successful horror author returning to his hometown of Willowpoint Falls. Stopping at a cemetery to visit a pair of gravestones, he begins to tell his driver their story. On Halloween 1962, 9-year-old Franklin Frankie Scarlatti (Lukas Haas) tells a scary story to his classmates. Afterwards, two of school jokesters Donald (Jared Rushton) and Louie (Gregory Levinson) take Frankie's hat and toss it on a shelf in the cloak room. They let Frankie know where it is and then lock him in in the cloak room as he tries to get it back.At nightfall, Frankie is still locked in the cloak room and sees the ghost of a little girl re-enact her death. Afterwards, a darkened figure enters the cloak room and begins to unscrew the metal vent unaware that Frankie is still hiding in the room. A rat startles Frankie which alerts the stranger to his presence. The stranger attacks Frankie and he loses consciousness taking him into a dreamlike state where he speaks to the ghost girl. Frankie is revived by his father giving him CPR and rushed to the hospital. Police find and arrest the black school janitor Harold Williams who was found drunk in the basement.Frankie is soon released from the hospital and enjoys a comfortable recovery with his family. His brother Geno, brings a newspaper home which proclaims Frankie to be a star. Geno is reprimanded for making an inappropriate remark and the newspaper is thrown away. Secretly, Frankie finds the newspaper and reads the story regarding his attack which coincidentally links him to an on-going 10 year investigation into the deaths of 11 other children at the hands of a serial killer. Within the same article, he learns the name of the ghost - Melissa Ann Montgomery (Joelle Jacobi). Soon, Frankie sees the ghost of Melissa frequently and he befriends her. Her only request is that he help her find her mother.When he returns to school, Frankie finishes removing the grate cover on the airvent in the cloakroom and removes an odd assortment of children's objects. He singles out two things, a hairclip - which he assumes to belongs to Melissa as he saw something hard and shiny fly off her hair and drop into the grate during her struggle - and an old high school class ring. Frankie cannot figure out the significance of anything he found in the grate. A few more weeks pass and the seasons change.One day, Frankie overhears a conversation between his father and the chief of police. The chief readily admits that Mr. Williams is probably a scapegoat for the murders. The chief also explains that blood found within the cloakroom links that location to the murder of Melissa Montgomery - a fact not released to the press. In a flash, Frankie figures out that the killer came back for his class ring which he dropped into the airvent the night he killed Melissa.Unbeknownst to Frankie, the ring has fallen out of his pocket in his bedroom several days earlier (and picked up by Geno). Frankie relays his theories to family friend Phil. Several days later, Frankie is lured out to the cliffs by Donald and Louie and encounters a lady in white clothing inside an old abandoned cottage. All three kids run out of the house scared but Frankie realizes that she may be Melissa's mother and tries to explain the situation to Geno (who has come looking for him due to the late hour). Geno does not believe him but now understands the origin of the ring he found. Although he does not tell Frankie that he found the ring.Melissa's ghost haunts Frankie in a non-threatening way. She appears one night and even Geno sees her. Suddenly, both boys follow her as she re-creates her death scene at 10pm (it is implied that this happens every night). They are late arriving at the school and by the time they get to the front door, her ghost is seen being carried down the stairs (presumably dead) and back out of the school. This time, Frankie follows her but Geno is incapacitated by a thorn in the foot and cannot give chase. Alone, Frankie follows the body (that is being carried by an unseen person) out to the cliffs. There, Frankie sees that at the last minute, Melissa regains consciousness, screams and is thrown over the cliffs alive. Afterwards, Melissa's mother runs out of the old white cottage calling for her daughter. She sees Melissa's body at the foot of the cliffs and then throws herself over the edge. Geno finally catches up with a very startled Frankie and they both go home.Harold Williams, the black school janitor, who got drunk while watching a ballgame in the school basement on the night of Frankie's assault, is accused of the attempted murder of Frankie and the murder of Melissa and ten other children. This sets off instances of outrage in the community but Angelo Scarlatti (Alex Rocco), Frankie's father, believes Williams' claim of innocence upon failure to link the janitor to Frankie's assault and the fact that Williams is also a father. Williams is later freed when a grand jury decides against going to trial due to insufficient evidence, but he is then murdered by the mother of one of the victims (who believes him to be guilty).Meanwhile, Geno continues to investigate the ring that Frankie found in the vent. His father has an old trunk full of old sentimental objects and he notices that his father owns an identical class ring from the same school year. He realizes that the killer may be in the same graduating class as his father. Geno compares the initials on the old ring with his father's yearbook, and discovers that the murderer is family friend Phil. He frantically runs to tell his father and the police chief. Frankie, who is with Phil at that time, figures out the truth when Phil is whistling Did You Ever See a Dream Walking (Melissa's song) and unwittingly tips off Phil. Phil attempts to attack Frankie, but he escapes and runs to the cliffs. Phil chases him and admits to being the killer, but claims he had no idea he was attacking Frankie on Halloween. He explains that he wouldn't have done it had Frankie not been wearing his Halloween mask as he cares about him a great deal. Phil attacks Frankie by strangling him and demands the whereabouts/return of the ring. Suddenly he's struck from behind by an unseen person and both Frankie and Phil collapse.Frankie then awakens in the well-preserved bedroom (presumably the old cottage) which had been Melissa's, under the care of the woman who saved him, Amanda Harper (Katherine Helmond). She reveals that she is Melissa's aunt and has been despondent over the loss of her sister and niece. She also tells Frankie that she set fire to her own house in an attempt to take her own life in order to be reunited with her family, but was rescued from the blaze and subsequently branded the town crazy.Before she can finish her explanations, Phil sneaks into the cottage, attacks, and murders Harper. Several candles are knocked over during the struggle and a large housefire begins. Phil rescues Frankie from the burning cottage but only to try and throw Frankie off the cliff. Frankie puts up a great struggle and in the end is saved by the ghost of Melissa's mother (the true Lady in White) who scares Phil over the edge of the cliff. Having brought the ghost of Melissa with him, Frankie watches as she and the Lady in White reunite and ascend into the sky.Frankie attempts to crawl away from the cliff edge but is grabbed around the ankle by a struggling Phil (who's holding onto a lone tree branch). Frankie's father Angelo, Geno, the police, and hunters with scent-tracking dogs arrive. Angelo frees Frankie and tries to save Phil, but at the last minute Phil lets go and falls to his death. With Phil dead, the movie ends with the group watching as the cottage burns down while the snow begins to fall.
tags: murder,  cult,  horror,  violence,  psychedelic,  revenge,  sadist, 

